Title

Synopsis

Outcomes

BEH1041

This unit uses the framework of human development
throughout the lifespan to identify health and,
specifically, emergency health issues at various
stages of the lifespan. Students will investigate the
roles of paramedics and allied health professionals in
assessing human development and maintaining
health across the lifespan and will explore issues
relating to death and grieving. Included in this unit will
be clinical visits to selected agencies to provide
clinical context to the theoretical background.

['Describe the physical, personal, psychological and
social milestones of human development throughout
the lifespan.', 'Identify the social and cultural
determinants that impact upon human development.',
'Communicate effectively with individuals across the
lifespan within an appropriate developmental
framework.', 'Identify common acute and chronic
health issues that occur across the lifespan.', 'Apply
contemporary theories of development to specific
health issues across the lifespan.', 'Identify essential
activities and information regarding health promotion
to meet the needs of individuals across the lifespan.',
'Summarise theoretical perspectives on grieving and
loss.']

ATS2297

The unit provides students with a sustained
opportunity to work on the creation and performance
of a musical theatre piece, from exploratory
workshops to full public production. Students work
with industry professionals and staff members to
devise and perform an original piece of musical
theatre. It will build on the theoretical and practical
frameworks established in ATS2296/ATS3296
(Musical theatre 1: History and form) by applying
those analytical and performance skills to the
generation of a new work in the genre. The unit entails
semester-long concurrent performance skills
workshops in singing, dancing and technical aspects.

['an understanding of aspects of creative processes in
the field, and of the procedures appropriate to the
collaborative development of new work;', 'an
increased familiarity with the distinctive
methodological issues involved in the study of the
form, and of the languages appropriate to their
articulation and analysis;', 'a practical knowledge of
the implications of structural choices in the evolution
of a musical theatre text;', 'skills in the performance
and technical areas related to the genre;', 'the ability
to work collaboratively in a team throughout a creative
process from inception to execution;', 'the capacity to
articulate critical analyses in systematic written
argument, and in clear and confident oral
presentations.']

MGF5940

The unit aims to provide students with an
understanding of the skills to be a competent
intercultural communicator and negotiator. In this unit
you will critically evaluate factors relating to national
culture and how these inform values, socialisation,
behaviour, and identity and their impact on
communicating in intercultural settings in business
and activities such as negotiation. You will analyse
contemporary issues such worldview, political
orientation, and ethical considerations in relation to
intercultural competence and the interaction of
individuals in the negotiation process by developing
skills to generate creative solutions to complex
challenges associated with intercultural
communication and negotiation. Student learning is
enhanced by participation in practical exercises.

['critically evaluate how national culture informs
values, socialisation, behaviour, and identity in an
international business context', 'understand how
cultural differences impact the communication and
negotiation process in different international business
settings', 'analyse how we categorise people into
cultural groupings and understand the practical and
ethical consequences of this practice for
communicating and negotiating in intercultural
business settings', 'demonstrate intercultural
competence by applying practical skills to intercultural
communication and negotiation exercises', 'develop
intercultural competence skills by generating creative
solutions to complex business challenges associated
with intercultural communication and negotiation in
organisations operating globally.']

TRM4001

Successful clinical research is conducted under the
guise of a well-constructed study question that is
feasible, interesting, novel, ethical and relevant. A
study design must be conceived with appropriate
measures of clinical observation and intervention. This
unit will establish a fundamental knowledge in drug
development, conducting Clinical Trial studies,
designing a good protocol, international conference on
harmonisation good clinical practice (ICH-GCP) and
delegation of responsibility and co-ordination. The unit
provides instruction in the development of a clinical
research question and creating a concise protocol that
includes literature review, study design, subject
sampling and recruitment, instruments and other
measurement approaches, sample size, consent
form, budget and timetable. The aim of the unit is to
introduce students to the processes and regulations
involved in developing a therapeutic through to clinical
trials. Students completing this unit should be able to
construct a testable clinical research question and
design a protocol that is ethical, well controlled and
statistically powerful. Students should also be able to
identify the roles of the sponsor, the investigator, the
institutional review board/ independent ethics
committee and the local regulators.

['Design a clinically relevant question and set of
experiments.', 'Outline Good Clinical Practice as
followed by the international Conference on
Harmonisation.', 'Identify and describe the key steps
in conducting a Clinical Trial including different types
of human research and protocols that can be
implemented.', 'Identify and describe the key steps in
the drug discovery process including identification of
drug targets, Australian regulatory requirements,
manufacture, development of a safety profile, clinical
development and marketing.', 'Outline how to manage
regulatory documents.', 'Outline the role of the
Sponsor, the investigator, the institutional review
board/ independent ethics committee and the local
regulators.']

IMM3031

This unit examines in depth important features of
development and function of the immune system in
health and disease. Areas covered include
development of the innate and adaptive immune
system, antigen processing and presentation,
maturation of the immune response, self tolerance
and regulation. Advanced techniques in immunology
will be presented including the relevance of genetic
engineering. Skills will also be developed in searching
and critically reviewing the literature, in assignment
writing and oral presentation.

['Demonstrate the relevance of immunity to infection
and disease;', 'Describe how differing arms of the
immune response are integrated and regulated;',
'Define and compare how the innate and adaptive
immune systems discriminate self from non-self and
the mechanisms of self-tolerance;', 'Describe
examples of how cutting edge technologies are used
to study immunity;', 'Critically appraise data and the
immunological literature and demonstrate skills in oral
and written communication.']

BFW3331

The international monetary system, debt and country
risk, the foreign exchange market, international
financing strategies and techniques, the
Euro-markets, and multinational banking.

['explain the parity principles and the concept of
arbitrage in international financial markets', 'explain
how currency derivative contracts such as forwards,
futures, options and swaps can be used to hedge in
the foreign exchange markets', 'apply critical thinking,
problem solving and presentation banking and finance
and demonstrate in an individual summative
assessment task the acquisition of a comprehensive
understanding of the topics covered by BFW3331.']

RTS5110

This clinical unit consists of 2 weeks of clinically
oriented simulated learning and 8 weeks of clinical
placement experience. This will allow students to
begin developing both their technical and professional
skills within the field of radiation therapy. This unit will
also provide students with the opportunity to practice
infection control, occupational health and safety,
radiation safety; communication and administrative
skills. Students will demonstrate the characteristics of
a beginning reflective practitioner.

['Analyse, apply and reflect on theories of human
communication, empathy, occupational health and
radiation safety of the working environment, within a
professional standards and ethics context;', 'Record
and obtain information from individuals employing
appropriate observation and interviewing skills, such
that the information generated may be integrated with
advanced scientific theory and knowledge to provide
quality levels of patient care;', 'Apply the principles of
anatomy pathophysiology and radiation oncology in
the radiation therapy clinical environment, critically
reflecting on these for individual patient cases;',
'Critically reflect upon multi-disciplinary radiation
therapy practice and identify on-going professional
development needs with respect to planning,
treatment and patient management;', "Implement
radiation therapy planning, treatment and patient
management protocols across a diverse range of
patients and evaluate their efficacy at the level of a
'beginner/novice practitioner';", 'Evaluate the
principles of palliative care, reflecting on patient
management strategies in the radiation oncology
palliative care sector.']

ATS2748

In this unit, students will study the ancient Greek
language. The unit is designed to bring students with
no previous knowledge of ancient Greek to a level at
which they can begin to read and enjoy ancient Greek
texts. Emphasis in this unit is on acquiring
grammatical knowledge and on building a good
vocabulary. Students will learn the Greek alphabet
and begin reading Greek prose of increasing
complexity, with emphasis on the Attic Greek dialect
spoken and written in Athens in the 5th century BCE the language of Plato, Thucydides, and the great
Athenian playwrights.

['demonstrate a base of grammatical and syntactic
knowledge in ancient Greek;', 'recognise and translate
a substantial vocabulary in ancient Greek;', 'identify
basic terms of grammatical analysis in English and
apply them to the study of ancient Greek;', 'read,
interpret, and translate a number of texts in the Attic
dialect.']

FIT5214

Blockchain is regarded as the next revolution of
Internet. Applications are not just limited to
cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, but also extended to
different interdisciplinary sectors. This unit is for
students to develop basic knowledge of blockchain
technology and how they can be used in real-world
scenarios such as payment systems or supply-chain
management. Learning activities will focus on
understanding different blockchain systems, a broad
landscape of supervised and unsupervised learning
methods with a focus on the state-of-the-art
knowledge for blockchain technologies including
consensus, privacy-preserving protocols and smart
contract which are rapidly used in different industries.

['Evaluate the basic structure of a blockchain system,
what is involved in designing such systems and
strategy to maintain them.', 'Assess what consensus
protocol is, what makes consensus work, and the
limitation of each consensus protocol.', 'Investigate
methods to preserve privacy for user and data in a
blockchain system.', 'Demonstrate how blockchain
systems can be applied into different disciplines such
as healthcare, supply-chain.']

MDC5340

This unit is the capstone studio for those students who
have, with permission, undertaken a customised suite
of design units from across collaborative design,
Interaction design and/or Multimedia Design. Having
been exposed to an array of discipline studios over 3
semesters, this unit allows students to develop a high
level conceptual approach to design problem solving
relevant to their preceding studio experiences.
Drawing from the design processes and
methodologies developed in previous studios they are
able to discover, define, design, develop and realise a
unique, individualised and sophisticated design
outcome. Students engage deeply with their chosen
project and are able to further develop and advance
their efficacy in design.

['Analyse and respond to a design problem with a
unique combination of skills and methodologies;',
'Define a problem or opportunity based upon research
methodologies to focus upon attainable but
challenging goals and outcomes;', 'Synthesise and
articulate their design process;', 'Realise their design
outcome(s) to an sophisticated level of production;',
'Understand and evaluate the efficacy of their own
design concepts;', 'Demonstrate their individual
design skills and thinking through a bespoke design
methodology;', 'Observe and employ occupational
health and safety appropriate to studio practice.']

ATS3775

This unit provides students with an opportunity to
develop skills and knowledge by taking a responsible
role within a company or organisation and observing and reflecting upon - what happens there. The unit
provides a structure by which students identify host
organisations, compile appropriate applications, work
an equivalence of 80-100 hrs within an organisation,
and submit a set of reflections. Students meet
regularly with coordinator but are ultimately
responsible for their own learning and must take a
leading role in identifying, securing and participating in
internships.

['organise a professional job application, including
curriculum vitae, to appropriate industry standard;',
'identify meaningful aspects of professional practice
and evaluate how these dimensions exist within a
theatrical organisation;', 'better understand the span
and scope of professional practice and industry;',
'compile and present a comprehensive report on a
theatrical institution;', 'reflect on the processes of
experiential learning and articulate meaningful
questions relating to the value and challenges of
work-integrated learning.']

BTS3201

The law affecting Australian enterprises engaged in
international business. Topics include international
trade conventions; import and export procedures; the
sale of goods; carriage of goods by sea and air; bills
of lading and the Hague-Visby rules; finance of
international trade; payment and documentary credits;
the use of negotiable instruments in international
trade; international commercial arbitration and marine
insurance.

['examine and analyse the international legal
framework in which trade between nations take place',
'identify and analyse the legal issues in an
international trade context', 'identify, analyse and
apply the laws to solve legal problems that arise from
international commercial transactions', 'identify and
analyse the laws relating to international contracts of
sale, finance of international trading transactions,
international carriage of goods, insurance in
international trade and dispute resolution in
international trade', 'identify and analyse the form and
nature of documents used in international trade
including contracts of sale, shipping documentation,
invoices, insurance policies, bills of exchange,
documentary collections and letter of credits.']

EAE4200

The unit represents the Honours coursework program
for the School of Earth, Atmosphere, and Environment
and will consist of a series of short courses, a seminar
and a theoretical literature review.

['Deepen and broaden their knowledge via advanced
coursework and independent enquiry in specific areas
of Earth, Atmospheric and/or Environmental
Sciences.', 'Acquire specific skills relevant to their
research project.', 'Articulate a scientific question from
the review of literature.', 'Communicate research
findings.']

FNA2112

This unit is the fourth in the sequence for students to
continue a range of leading contemporary art
practices and methodologies. The unit promotes
conceptual and material processes through
interdisciplinary exchange, material and fabrication
procedures. Associated projects are introduced based
on theories of contemporary art practices,
collaborative practices and individual modes of
research focused outcomes. Students will develop
inventive and sustainable solutions to a series of
projects that will enable them to continue to develop a
personal methodology and language.

['Have further extended both skills in art making and
student vocabulary of materials and studio
processes;', 'Possess considerable manipulative skills
in students chosen area of self-expression;', 'Have
further developed levels of experimentation and
investigation within students work, moving towards a
focus on specific themes and technologies;', 'Be
familiar with current issues in fine art and recognise
the potential to produce works within the framework of
contemporary culture;', 'Have developed an increased
capacity for the constructive appraisal of their own
work, and that of others, and are able to articulate this
through oral presentations and written documentation,
and;', 'Have an increased understanding and practice
the rules of occupational health and safety in force in
the studio, and are able to collaborate and co-operate
safely and productively within the studio
environment.']

BEX3411

As the world of complex technology expands with
innovation requiring global foundations, the need for
dynamic entrepreneurs grows. The framework of this
unit will provide students with the practical knowledge,
skills and tools to utilise entrepreneurship to quickly
and efficiently evaluate entrepreneurial ideas to
provide solutions for a market opportunity. This unit
will empower students to become the business
leaders of the future utilising practical and logical
approaches to bring together entrepreneurship and
innovation within a global context.

['explain the concepts of innovation and
entrepreneurship', 'demonstrate entrepreneurial
creativity', 'apply the concepts of intellectual property
and venture funding to projects', 'conduct basic
market research and analyse the results', 'create and
evaluate a value proposition', 'formulate, review and
defend a business case', 'devise a pitch and
demonstrate pitching competency.']

PAR5470

This unit involves the student operating demonstrating
competency as a novice intensive care paramedic
based in their local clinical environment and under the
direct supervision or mentorship of a suitably qualified
and experienced clinical teacher. The student will be
supported to develop the skills, attributes and justified
decision-making capabilities of a safe and competent
novice intensive care paramedic.

['Reflect on their own clinical experience and identify
and arrange suitable learning experiences to maintain
ongoing clinical development as a result of the clinical
experience in the field;', 'Demonstrate the
development of clinical, professional and leadership
capabilities from novice to a safe and clinically
competent Intensive Care Paramedic;', 'Formulate a
response to real life emergency problems from the
initiation of emergency medical services; to assimilate
information quickly and to communicate it clearly and
unambiguously;', 'Apply theoretical knowledge and
clinical skills to the emergency management of a
broad range of cardiac conditions, medical conditions,
trauma and environmental conditions in the adult and
paediatric patient using an appropriate intensive care
paramedic clinical problem solving and clinical
decision making model;', 'Construct a culturally
sensitive approach to the recognition and
management of the reactions of patients and family to
acute illness or injury;', "Reflect upon the operational
and clinical aspects of intensive care paramedicine in
the student's clinical context."]

NUR3022

This clinical practice unit introduces students to the
nursing management of patients with complex and/or
life threatening problems across the lifespan.

['Apply knowledge and concepts of biological,
pathophysiological, psychological and social sciences
to patients with complex and/or life threatening illness
throughout the life span.', 'Acquire in-depth knowledge
on complex health problems experienced by patients
throughout the lifespan in a range of settings.',
'Identify and implement response systems for the
deteriorating patient in the clinical setting.', 'Explain
appropriate therapeutic medications in the context of
drug actions, indications, dosage, interactions and
reactions in the patient with complex and/or life
threatening illness.', 'Identify, analyse and resolve
clinical concerns in the patient with complex and/or life
threatening illness.', 'Develop and implement patient
centred care appropriate to the needs and wishes of
the patient and their family/carer, regardless of race,
age, gender, sexual preference, physical or mental
state or other diverse needs.', 'Critically reflect on the
values, attitudes and communication required by
nurses when caring for patients and families/carers
with diverse needs; complex and/or life threatening
illness or the deteriorating patient.', 'Undertake
complex nursing activities in a range of health settings
and apply appropriate principles of prioritising and
time management according to the clinical setting.',
'Critically reflect on decisions and judgements made
to demonstrate accountability for evidence informed
patient care.', 'Practice with increasing independence
in accordance with the Australian and Midwifery
Council National competency standards for the
registered nurse, Codes of ethics and Code of
professional conduct for nurses.']

ATS3108

Since the invention of the printing press in the 15th
century, the reproduction of knowledge and social
practice has become increasingly reliant and
dependent on mass media. The general relation
between culture, media and society on one hand and
how it shows up in the design of media products will
be the topic of this introductory unit. The unit will
provide insights into advanced media theory and put
historical media phenomena into perspective.

['insight into advanced German media theory and
would have put historical media phenomena into
perspective', 'acquired detailed knowledge of the main
features of German media theory and German visual
culture from late 19th century to today', 'a good grasp
of key texts reflecting the historical developments of
media at different times', 'capable of informed
discussion of the relevant theoretical concepts in
relation to media', 'able to present the results of their
own research in form of a class paper and a written
essay.']

ACF5080

This unit examines key issues in management
accounting, focusing on the relationship between
management control systems, behavioural
implications, and strategy. Topics include the design
and evaluation of management control systems,
especially behavioural implications, control typologies,
and linkages to corporate governance, ethical issues
and value creation. Management control issues in
not-for-profit organisations will also be examined.

['identify and appraise the key issues in management
control systems, including technical and behavioural
aspects', 'demonstrate an understanding of
fundamental issues in business strategy and of the
enabling role of management control systems in
driving value creation', 'apply a control typology to
recommend management control systems suitable for
organisations facing different contexts', 'understand
and appraise the linkages between contemporary
corporate governance and ethical issues and
management control systems', 'apply critical thinking,
problem solving, and communication skills to
individual and/or group activities dealing with
management control systems and demonstrate in an
individual summative assessment task the acquisition
of comprehensive understanding of the topics covered
by ACF5080.']

SWK3410

This unit explores the concept of 'community' and its
applications in Australian society; the theory and
practice of the various community work models (social
planning, community development and social action);
the role of community work in social work activities;
and the skills involved in the practice of community
work.

['Understand and evaluate different perspectives on
the nature of community.', 'Understand and evaluate
the different models of community work, their
ideological bases and the skills they involve.', 'Apply
this knowledge to the practice of community work
within a social work setting.', 'Develop and apply a
range of appropriate ethical behaviours and standards
to community work.', 'Understand and evaluate the
range of roles and strategies in community work.',
'Explore and apply a variety of community work skills.']

PAR2021

This unit continues to develop the role of the
paramedic as a clinician by extending clinical
examination and decision making skills that were
introduced in previous clinical units.

['Describe the epidemiology, population health,
pathophysiology, and clinical manifestations of acute
and chronic cardiovascular conditions commonly
encountered in paramedic practice across the
lifespan;', 'Interpret electrocardiograms for a normal
patient and those experiencing cardiovascular
abnormalities including dysrhythmias and acute
coronary syndromes;', 'Systematically assess a
patient experiencing a cardiovascular emergency and
associate the assessment with cardiovascular disease
pathology;', 'Plan and implement appropriate and safe
management for a patient experiencing a
cardiovascular emergency and accurately document
and communicate the care provided;', 'Identify drugs
commonly used by advanced life support paramedics
for the management of cardiovascular conditions.
Discuss their actions and evaluate the
appropriateness of their use in differing circumstances
during a cardiovascular emergency;', 'Discuss the
diagnostic reasoning, clinical problem solving and
clinical decision making processes that determine the
care of patients with cardiovascular conditions in order
to evaluate and justify management.']

SWM5101

This unit introduces students to the history and
evolution of the international human rights regime,
current debates about human rights locally, nationally
and internationally, as well as ethical codes and
decision-making processes as they apply to social
work practice. The unit provides opportunities for
students to explore the foundations of the Australian
legal system in a human rights framework and the
legal contexts within which social workers practice.
The unit addresses concepts of moral philosophy
underpinning the AASW Code of Ethics and explores
the foundations of ethical decision-making. In line with
Monash University's commitment to human rights and
social justice, the unit has an overarching human
rights approach, within which legal and ethical
practice occurs.

['Describe how international human rights regimes
have evolved.', 'Identify relevant human rights
documents, access and apply them in social work
practice situations.', 'Demonstrate a working
knowledge of the Australian Legal System, its
international context, and the importance of legal
knowledge to competent social work practice,
including record keeping and report writing.', 'Find,
read, consider, apply, and critically evaluate
legislation, and how it informs and impacts social work
practice.', 'Identify, describe and critically reflect upon
legal and ethical issues and dilemmas.', 'Implement
ethical decision making processes in social work
practice.']

ATS3677

The size of Australia and its long history of human
inhabitation have produced considerable linguistic
diversity, although its languages generally share
similar phonologies, cognate words, and recurrent
patterns of meaning. In its overview of phonology,
morphology, syntax and semantics, this unit will
examine what structural features can be considered
typical of Australian languages, and how/whether
these can be related to typical features of Australian
cultures. It will also examine the present
sociolinguistic status of Australian aboriginal
languages, bilingualism and the role of linguistics in
language maintenance and revitalization.

['Describe key features of the phonology, morphology,
syntax, and semantics of Australian Aboriginal
languages, and identify such features in a number of
different Aboriginal languages.', 'Explain some of the
key theoretical issues regarding the structure of
Aboriginal languages.', 'Discuss relevant
sociolinguistic issues including language status,
bilingualism and the role of linguistics in language
maintenance and revival and the implication of these
for language education and planning.\n\nMore
generally students are expected to develop their
abilities to:', 'Read critically.', 'Use analytic and
interpretive skills in dealing with language data.',
'Assess evidence supporting various theories and
thereby evaluate these theories.', 'Present logical,
coherent arguments both orally and in writing.']

MKM5251

Entrepreneurship and innovation are at the heart of
modern business and social enterprises, nation states
and society, driving economic development.
Entrepreneurs in all situations identify opportunities
that others cannot, and locate and configure
resources in new ways to create value for
stakeholders. This unit aims to provide students with
an understanding of the processes, risks, rewards,
motivations, and societal impacts of innovation in
community, national, regional and global settings. It
aims to inspire students to develop an entrepreneurial
mindset, and to support their ability to innovate and
build organisations for sustainable growth, benefiting
all stakeholders. The course will explore the nature of
enterprise, the role of the entrepreneur, and the role of
innovation and technology in the entrepreneurial
process. The focus is on capability development and
growth, making it relevant for small and large, profit
and not-for-profit ventures. It is aimed at nurturing
individuals wishing to create innovative futures for
themselves and their communities, and for markets
and economies.

['explain how an entrepreneurial mindset and the
associated skills supports innovation in the contexts of
corporate venturing, social entrepreneurship and
business start-up projects', 'apply an entrepreneurial
mindset and skills to develop innovative solutions to
complex community and business problems in
conditions of uncertainty', 'recommend strategies to
evaluate entrepreneurial skills, values and
behaviours; and to further develop the entrepreneurial
mindset of both themselves and others', 'demonstrate
entrepreneurial and innovation related skills, including
identifying and evaluating opportunities, solving
problems creatively, communicating effectively, and
influencing stakeholder groups', 'demonstrate the
ability to work productively in teams to collaboratively
explore opportunities, generate ideas and find and
communicate solutions to a predefined challenge.']

BCH3052

The course will give students an advanced
understanding of protein structure-function in the
context of human disease. Major themes relate the
various levels of protein structure to their wide ranging
functions, introduce modern techniques used in the
analysis of structure and function, and explore the
rapidly developing area of protein-related
biotechnologies and drug design. Topics to be
covered include examples of aberrations in protein
structure that lead to alteration in function in a variety
of biological contexts, emphasizing disease.
Additionally the use of bioinformatics in aiding our
understanding of protein sequence, structure and
function will be highlighted.

['Describe the relationship between protein sequence,
structure and function and relate this to specific
examples in human health and disease;', 'Explain how
proteins fold to their correct three dimensional shape
and how this process may go wrong and cause
disease;', 'Illustrate how NMR and X-ray
crystallography are used to determine the structure of
a peptide or protein;', 'Critically analyse how our
understanding of proteins contributes to biotechnology
and medicine, in particular comment on the
contribution of protein engineering and proteomics to
these fields;', 'Describe the use of fluorescent proteins
as tools for characterising the role of proteins in vivo;',
'Apply experimental techniques and methodologies to
determine the structure and function of an unknown
protein.']

LAW4312

The Unit explores legal and ethical dilemmas that
arise in medicine and law. A central focus will be
considering the principles and regulation of medical
practice and allied health professionals under
Victorian law; the legal and ethical duties owed by
doctors to their patients; consent and refusal of
medical treatment; competence and incompetence in
law and medicine; medical negligence; abortion and
wrongful birth, pregnancy and life claims and active
and passive euthanasia. These topics will include
consideration of the adult, child and disabled patient.
Although the unit focuses on Australian law, such
issues will also explore approaches taken in overseas
jurisdictions.

['Identify and articulate the principles and concepts
governing the medical profession and healthcare
setting and the ethical and policy issues raised by
medical law;', 'Critically assess claims in relation to
medical negligence and new and novel claims that
have arisen in medical law;', 'Apply skills to review,
analyse, consolidate and synthesis the above
knowledge to identify and provide solutions to
complex problems arising out of the practice or
development of, or activities pertaining to medical
law;', 'Demonstrate legal research and reasoning skills
in approaching complex legal problems and the ability
to articulate and evaluate policy considerations in
response to difficult dilemmas and areas that may
require legal reform;', 'Communicate effectively,
appropriately and persuasively on issues pertaining to
medical law; and', 'Learn and work autonomously and
make use of feedback to assess their own capabilities
and performance and to support personal and
professional development.']

ATS2173

This unit is designed to help students expand on the
foundation they have built from their gateway units by
providing a deeper understanding of Korean
language, culture and society in comparison with their
own language, culture and society. Furthermore, this
unit will focus on teaching effective communication
strategies that will assist students in bridging
communication gaps arising from differences in
language and culture.

['Speak and comprehend enough Korean to
communicate in everyday social situations;', 'Write a
personal letter on simple everyday topics or a simple
report on an everyday event;', 'Understand modern
Korean history and major social issues in Korea in
comparison with their own.']

BEX3725

This unit requires students to examine a broad range
of social, cultural, legal and political issues that can
impact on the strategy and operations of businesses
operating in a global business environment. Through
the use of readings, case studies, and an analysis of
current events students are confronted with some
specific challenges of doing business in a global
context. This unit focuses on developing skills,
addressing various global issues and how they affect
business, as well as aspects of global citizenship,
cultural sensitivity and effective teamwork.

['recognise issues affecting businesses operating in a
global context', 'develop and present strategic
responses to specific issues affecting businesses
operating in a global context with due consideration to
sustainable, responsible and ethical business
practices', 'acquire team skills including team
leadership, collaboration, problem-solving,
decision-making, communication and presentation
skills', 'develop reflective practice skills in relation to
individual learning.']

ATS1905

This unit provides an introduction to written modern
standard Chinese to students with a background in
spoken Chinese. It provides training in formal
grammatical structures and vocabulary to accelerate
the development of students' literacy. An oral
component is also included. This unit provides
students with a basic critical understanding of Chinese
society, its values and their evolutions.

['To be able to recognise around 400 Chinese
characters and identify important associated radicals.',
'To be able to write around 400 Chinese characters in
simple composition.', 'To acquire proficiency in the
use of the pinyin Romanisation system.', 'To acquire
knowledge of a grammatical framework with which to
analyse and describe the vernacular Chinese under
study.', 'To further develop oral
proficiency.\n(approximates to Common European
Framework of reference for Languages A1+)', 'To
acquire a basic critical understanding of Chinese
society, its values and their evolution.']

FIT1008

This unit introduces students to core problem-solving,
analytical skills, and methodologies useful for
developing flexible, robust, and maintainable
software. In doing this it covers a range of conceptual
levels, from high-level algorithms and data-structures,
down to the machine models and simple assembly
language programming. Topics include data types;
data structures; algorithms; algorithmic complexity;
recursion; and translation to assembly language.

['translate simple problem statements into algorithms,
implement them in a high level programming language
and test them;', 'summarise and compare the
properties of basic abstract data types such as stacks,
queues, lists, trees, priority queues, heaps and hash
tables;', 'evaluate different algorithms and
implementations of basic abstract data types;',
'analyse algorithms by determining their best case
and worst case big O time complexity;', 'deconstruct
simple high-level code into assembly code such as
MIPS R2000.']

BTF5050

Trade and investment regimes affecting enterprises
operating in the Asian region. International and
regional trade conventions. Business and investment
laws of selected Asian nations. Topics covered
include national development planning; the political
context of international trade and investment;
import/export regulation; foreign investment regimes,
corporate governance, prudential regulation in East
Asia and dispute resolution.

['define and describe the history and current operation
of regional trade and investment agreements in Asia',
'describe and demonstrate an understanding of the
historical, economic and political context of national
legal systems in selected Asian jurisdictions
(Malaysia, Indonesia, China and Hong Kong)', 'identify
and describe the operation of the institutions
responsible for the administration of commercial laws
in select Asian jurisdictions', 'have used accepted
legal research methodology to examine in detail their
choice from a number of specialised topics related to
commercial law in one or more Asian jurisdictions',
'identify, analyse and propose possible resolutions to
legal issues arising from the conduct of business
activities in one or more selected Asian jurisdictions.']

PAR5440

This unit introduces students to an advanced level of
knowledge, understanding and skill related to the
intensive care management of patients with traumatic
and environmental conditions. Trauma care is
approached from the contextual perspective of
contemporary trauma systems, time critical guidelines
and trauma triage criteria. Specific traumatic injuries
are explored in depth and are related to student
development of advanced skills to effectively manage
these conditions.

['Examine and apply knowledge of the structure of
trauma systems and define the related trauma triage
criteria including the benefits of pre-hospital support
and the related role of community emergency health
practitioners;', 'Analyse the pathophysiology of
common traumatic and environmental conditions as it
relates to specific intensive care interventions and
clinical management strategies;', 'Formulate
appropriate pharmacotherapeutic regimes using the
relevant drugs available for the intensive care
management of trauma and environmental
conditions;', 'Implement knowledge, skills and
evidence based practice to professionally manage
trauma and environmental emergencies as an
intensive care paramedic;', 'Synthesise the
epidemiology of traumatic injuries and environmental
conditions;', 'Determine the likely ongoing
management of patients in hospital critical care units
using the framework of a trauma system.']

MGF2351

The international environment including international
trade and investment, and the legal, political, cultural
and technological contexts faced by internationalising
organisations; forms of operations available to the
internationalising organisation; the impact of the
multinational enterprise; international strategic
planning.

['classify the key features and issues in the global
environment in which international business takes
place', 'explain the impact that the environment has on
the internationalisation process of a business
organisation', 'demonstrate an understanding of the
role of entry mode choice and other strategic issues in
order to succeed in international business.']

CIV3204

Systematic approaches to engineering data collection,
analysis and interpretation. The Scope covers data
description and presentation, randomness, discrete
probability, continuous probability, conditional
probability, Bayes' Theorem, normal distribution,
sampling distributions, point estimation, interval
estimation, hypothesis testing, linear regression.

['Apply statistical theory to problems frequently
encountered by civil engineers.', 'Analyse and
interpret large data sets and present the summary.',
'Design and conduct experiments using statistical
methods.', 'Formulate hypotheses and test them to
come to a conclusion.', 'Predict random processes
through time series analysis.']

CHE2871

This unit focuses on the study of living cells and
biological molecules with an emphasis on their
applications in chemical and pharmaceutical
industries. Topics to be covered include cell biology
and structure, fundamental biochemistry of proteins
and enzymes, metabolic pathways and biosynthesis
of metabolites, molecular biology including central
dogma, genetic code, protein synthesis and practical
examples of industrial applications.

['Relate the importance of biochemistry in industry.',
'Describe the role of basic cell components, the
physical and biochemical properties of proteins
especially in their roles as enzymes.', 'Relate the
major metabolic pathway and the biosynthesis of
economic importance of primary and secondary
metabolites.', 'Relate the principles of storage and
transmission of genetic information; the control
mechanisms which operate at the level of gene
expression; and their applications in industry.',
'Demonstrate laboratory skills, including basic cell
culture technique; spectophotometric methods to
assay proteins; gel electrophoresis analysis for
proteins and DNA.']

FNA4002

Studio at Honours level is research-oriented and
non-prescriptive in the terms of its content. Students
produce a proposal at the beginning of the semester
but are free to carry out their work with any number of
deviations from their original plans. The intentions of
students and the results of their work are debated in
group discussions and critical sessions.

['Apply a cogent language for your practice that is
defined by appropriate material and conceptual
frameworks;', 'Extend their application and critical
evaluation of appropriate and sustainable studio
methodologies to support sustained independent
practice;', 'Critically reflect and discuss the aesthetic,
social, ethical and cultural dimensions of their studio
practice;', 'Position their outcomes critically within their
studio and expanded environment, through informed
debate and discourse;', 'Evaluate traditional discipline
approaches and test new modes of knowledge
production within the studio context.']

MDC5210

This unit advances knowledge, methods and
principles in interaction design and focuses on
furthering the practical and conceptual skills
developed in preceding units. In the studio students
will be exposed to a broad range of interactive system
design methods from holistic thinking and operational
thinking to self-organization, and will explore the
significance and complexity of contextualization
required in systemic approaches in the design
process. A major design project encourages students
to develop research skills and experience in applying
methods and principles of system design to solve
complex interaction design issues.

['Research and integrate advanced interactive system
design concepts, approaches, theories and principles
to their own design practice;', 'Utilise contextual
diagrams and interfaces as core components in a
design outcome with consideration for the basic needs
of target users;', 'Apply research, problem-solving
methodologies and advanced technical skills to plan
and manage complex interaction design solutions
from initial concept to final resolution;', 'Communicate
ideas and concepts to critically reflect and justify own
design through a process of observation, analysis,
selection, interpretation and expression;', 'Critically
analyse and evaluate the rationale for integrating
interactive technologies in a design solution;',
'Observe and employ occupational health and safety
appropriate to studio practice.']

ATS3715

This unit will investigate the meaning and construction
of sexualities in Western culture, using a range of
theoretical approaches; explore the relationship
between gender and sexuality; investigate the
regulation of sexuality through a variety of social
institutions; explore a range of areas such as sex
education, sexual relationships and intimacy, sexual
identities, gender identities, prostitution, pornography
and sexual health; and examine the cultural
representation of various sexualities and the impacts
of these representations.

['Become familiar with a range of theoretical
understandings of sexuality in Western society.', 'The
ability to use these approaches to analyse a variety of
areas in which sexuality is experienced in social life.',
'An understanding of the diversity of sexual desires,
practices and identities.', 'Increased awareness of the
gender differences in perceptions and experiences of
sexualities.', 'An understanding of the range of social
institutions that reinforce and challenge notions of
sexuality.']

CIV5309

This unit introduced students to the systematic
collection, interpretation and presentation of transport
and traffic data. The systems approach to survey
design is introduced and the trade-offs involved in the
allocation of survey resources are examined. The unit
is designed to provide a rigorous and practical
coverage of the collection of transport and traffic data
using traditional traffic and travel surveys as well as
through advanced technologies. The unit discusses
new and innovative techniques for measuring and
monitoring the performance of transportation systems
and evaluating changes in demographic and urban
travel characteristics. Students will be introduced to
advanced transportation data collection technologies
and will learn how to manage, analyse, and visualize
large and advanced datasets.

['Design traffic and transport data collection initiatives
with due consideration\nto manual and automatic data
collection options.', 'Assess the tradeoffs involved in
allocation of survey resources.', 'Evaluate transport
and traffic data on the basis of its quality and
relevance\nand interpret that data to identify key
insights.', 'Design appropriate presentation of
transport and traffic data to communicate\nits
underlying temporal and spatial dimensions']

MPH5304

This Unit will review key leadership, management,
and organisation theory and its application to
healthcare settings.

['Apply general theories of organisation and
management to health care organisational settings',
'Design organisational roles and structures to manage
clinical and support services', 'Apply coordinating
mechanisms in clinical and public health
organisations', 'Implement staff recruitment
processes', 'Design and manage staff performance
systems', 'Apply principles of change management to
improve organisational performance', 'Develop
strategic plans', 'Implement effective project
management.']

ATS1090

The unit introduces the key practices of research and
reporting for news journalism, including the technical
production and narrative conventions for print and
online media. Students research and produce original
news stories to deadline and engage in a critical
evaluation of the work of their peers.

['conceptualise what a news story could be, and
identify and research a news story, conduct interviews
and gather appropriate evidence;', 'report in a clear,
concise, factual way using news conventions;',
"identify and observe key ethical and legal obligations
associated with news reporting, and reflect critically
on their own and others' performance in this regard;",
'set and meet deadlines, and report under pressure;',
'demonstrate an awareness of local, national and
international people and events relevant to current
issues and media issues.']

ATS2106

How can history help us understand the
environmental problems we face today? What has
shaped the relationships between people and
environments in the past? This interdisciplinary unit
offers an introduction to global environmental history
on a planetary scale. We begin with the origins of our
universe and through a series of case studies and
stories we will examine the Earth and its inhabitants,
and how their relationships have changed over time.
This unit is organised both chronologically and
thematically, allowing students to explore
pre-historical environmental change; agricultural,
industrial and technological revolutions; Indigenous
land management; disease; imperialism; capitalism;
urbanisation; conservation and environmentalism; and
anthropogenic climate change.

['Demonstrate an understanding of the field of global
environmental history', 'Demonstrate an ability to
understand a variety of interactions between people
and the natural world and how these interactions have
changed over time\n(e.g. cultural, technological and
economic)', 'Demonstrate an understanding of
contemporary environmental issues in a broad
historical and interdisciplinary context.', 'Developed
and demonstrated oral and written skills in
constructing evidence-based arguments using a
variety of primary and secondary sources',
'Demonstrate an ability to reflect critically on what they
have learnt']

ARC3501

This unit introduces aspects of architectural
production. This unit covers architectural production in
relation to a range of historical, theoretical, material
and speculative domains addressing diverse social,
cultural, technological, and communicative aspects of
architecture. Explorations will incorporate various
methodologies and points of view. The unit will help
students develop analytical methods for
understanding and contributing to the evolving built
environment.

['Demonstrate a broader exposure and deeper
engagement with architectural production;', 'Actively
engage research issues in architectural production;',
'Critically assess aspects of architectural production;',
'Utilise principles and strategies influencing the
development of architecture;', 'Understand and apply
the rules of occupational health and safety appropriate
to the discipline practice.']

FIT5210

This unit is a research unit for students in the
Graduate Certificate in Information Technology
Research. Due to the nature of IT, a wide range of
project types can be offered to students. Some project
components are of a practical nature and may involve
software development and/or experimentation, while
other components are of a more theoretical nature.

['design a rigorous Masters level research project and
develop project proposal;', 'critically review research
literature, research design and reported findings;',
'evaluate and select research methods and
techniques of data collection and analysis appropriate
to particular research designs, projects and
disciplines;', 'conduct ethical research;', 'communicate
research findings in written and oral form in research
and industry settings.']

MGF5181

This unit looks at international business strategy
theories and their application. Topics include the
relationship between environmental scanning and
strategic planning; methods of developing a strategic
plan; corporate and business level strategy; choice of
foreign operation and its implications in terms of risk
and control; determinants of MNC activity; strategic
issues that relate to international wholly owned
subsidiaries, joint ventures, mergers and acquisitions
and alliance modes; impact of multi-domestic, regional
and global integration strategies; and international
corporate governance.

['describe the concepts and use the tools for
competitive analysis and strategic planning in the
international environment', 'formulate and implement
strategies for SMEs and multinational organisations in
a global setting', 'identify and analyse the
opportunities and dangers involved in international
strategic management', 'evaluate the impact different
types of foreign operations have on the
internationalising organisation.']

BTW3221

This unit provides an introduction to Australian
taxation law and practice with a focus on individuals
as taxpayers undertaking personal services, property
and business activities. Income tax (including CGT),
GST and FBT are covered.

['understand the operation of the Australian taxation
system including the interaction of income tax with
other taxes', 'identify conceptual structures in core tax
provisions and apply them in an ordered approach',
'recognise fundamental tax concepts, identify
legislative provisions as well as judicial principles and
apply them to analyse personal, property and
business scenarios', 'explain and calculate income tax
(including CGT), GST and FBT.']

APG5690

In this unit students apply theoretical approaches to
practical translation tasks in a variety of textual
genres. The unit aims to develop students' abilities to
translate texts of increasing levels of complexity and
specialisation. The unit explores translation across a
range of media. It complements APG5048 Translation
for Special Purposes, adopting a similar approach to
learning and assessment, but exploring different
genres and professional contexts.

['identify and discuss problems that specialised textual
genres pose for translation;', 'critically apply
theoretical approaches to formulate strategies in
response to translation problems;', 'use a variety of
specialised tools to translate effectively;', 'employ
effective strategies to translate multimodal texts, such
as audiovisual and web-based texts.']

CHE3161

This unit covers thermodynamics from a chemical
engineering viewpoint. Content will cover basic
concepts and the use of: thermodynamic functions
such as free energy, enthalpy, and entropy; estimation
of properties of pure compounds and mixtures;
description of solution thermodynamics and its
applications, equilibrium phase diagrams and
chemical reaction equilibria.

['Apply mass, energy and entropy balances to flow
processes.', 'Determine the properties of ideal and
real mixtures based on thermodynamic principles.',
'Assess changes in the properties of gases, fluids and
solids undergoing changes in temperature and
volume.', 'Interpret the underlying principles of phase
equilibrium in binary and multi-component systems.',
'Analyse the extent to which chemical reactions
proceed, and determine the composition attained at
equilibrium.']

SCI2400

This unit presents an insight into how science
contributes to the development of a society through
the eyes of astronomy. The unit uses some of the key
astronomical discoveries to demonstrate a complex
interaction between pursuing scientific knowledge and
how such discoveries influence our society. We will
start with the discoveries of Galileo Galilei in early
17th century and how they were influenced by the
historical and cultural setting nurtured by the Medici
and Lorraine families, the founders and rulers of
Tuscany. We will then explore how the development
of instrumentation for experimental demonstrations in
the 18th century, such as planetariums, were used to
popularize science among the public. We will then fast
forward to the 21st century and tap into astronomy
topics for which new telescopes, such as the Square
Kilometre Array (SKA) and the advanced Laser
Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory
(LIGO), are still being constructed. The activities will
be delivered through visits to museums and
observatories, classroom discussions and
research-based activities. Students will develop
awareness of how scientific discoveries are created
and propagated in an internationalised world.

['Discuss the development of some of the key
astronomical discoveries', 'Discuss the importance of
science to the human endeavour', 'Demonstrate
research skills in an international cultural context;',
'Demonstrate oral and written skills, and construct
evidence-based arguments through a collaborative
project', 'Demonstrate an ability to work productively in
an interdisciplinary team with other students.']

SON5022

Sonographic scanning methods, standard protocols
and interpretational skills for recognition of
sonographic appearances of normal anatomy,
anatomical variants and disease processes
associated with the female pelvis, the scrotum and its
contents. Appreciation of when to modify standard
approaches to the clinical question and patient
presentation and recognise limitations of ultrasound in
relation to other medical imaging and laparoscopic
examinations of the reproductive system.

['identify, describe and justify the selection of imaging
parameters, equipment and transducers, infection
control measures and consent protocols for
sonographic examinations of the female pelvis and
the scrotum;', 'perform routine transabdominal and
transvaginal scanning of the female pelvis and routine
sonographic examinations of the scrotum safely and
to a standard and ethical conduct expected of a
competent sonographer;', 'identify and describe the
normal and abnormal sonographic appearances of the
male and female reproductive systems and related
artefacts;', 'recognise when modifications to routine
scanning approaches are required and describe the
limitations of ultrasound in regards to imaging the
male and female reproductive systems;', 'implement
Spectral, Colour and Power Doppler techniques
where appropriate in ultrasound imaging of the male
and female reproductive systems;', 'describe and
implement quality assurance principles to sonographic
imaging of the male and female reproductive
systems.']

ATS4171

The unit provides students with an opportunity to
engage with a key work in the area of media and
communications in a detailed and sustained way.
Over the semester, students will read the entirety of
one important book, meeting weekly to analyse and
critique the text while working collectively to deepen
an understanding generated through individual
reading.

['skills in the comprehension and critical analysis of
extended scholarly work;', 'the ability to work
collaboratively to critically evaluate an argument and
debate the implications of research findings;', 'higher
skills in the formulation, structuring and written
presentation of scholarly argument;', 'an enhanced
ability to conduct independent research and critically
engage with research findings;', 'a detailed
understanding of a key issue or debate in the
discipline.']

ATS1325

The unit is designed to give you the historical
background and conceptual tools to understand the
origins of globalisation. It traces the key political,
economic, and social developments since 1945 that
have brought us to where we are today.

['identify and explain key concepts of globalisation;',
'explain key historical, political, economic, and social
developments of our contemporary world;', 'evaluate
current affairs and debates based upon
understandings of recent history;', 'evaluate primary
and secondary sources, analyse ideas and develop
argument;', 'communicate research in both oral and
written formats.']

MKF5926

"You cannot not communicate." This statement is at
the heart of why integrated marketing communications
(IMC) plays such a critical role within an organisation.
Drawing on theoretical and industry based
perspectives, in this unit you will gain an
understanding of how IMC allows organisations to
connect with and influence their consumers to achieve
specific marketing and promotional objectives. Along
the way, you will also gain insight into the marketing
communications industry (including advertising, digital
and media) and how it interacts with society.

['use industry accepted and theoretically sound
frameworks and processes to prepare an integrated
marketing communications plan', 'construct realistic
integrated marketing communication objectives and
demonstrate the use of individual and integrated
strategies to achieve these objectives', 'recommend
and justify relevant strategies and tactics relating to
marketing communications, message and media
decisions', 'evaluate the influences affecting the
efficient achievement of integrated marketing
communication objectives including budget, resource
allocation, project management and environmental
pressures', 'assess broader marketing communication
industry issues, offering insight and analysis based on
research.']

MIC3990

This unit provides the opportunity for high achieving
students to work with an academic supervisor and
complete a research project in Microbiology. The
research project may be chosen from a list of projects
available at the beginning of semester from the
Department of Microbiology. The unit convener and
supervisor must approve the project topic at the time
of the enrolment. Students will work in a research
laboratory to obtain data, will complete a written
preliminary and final report and will give a series of
oral presentations on their work.

['Undertake a research project with regard to ethical
and safety regulations;', 'Demonstrate technical skills
in experimental methods and the ability to collect,
analyse and interpret data using methods relevant to
the discipline of Microbiology;', 'Communicate
appropriately and effectively with supervisors,
laboratory staff and students;', 'Maintain accurate and
up-to-date records of experimental procedures,
results and outcomes;', 'Identify relevant published
scientific literature and critically analyse and evaluate
the content in the context of the discipline of
Microbiology;', 'Construct written reports.']

NUR3022

This clinical practice unit introduces students to the
nursing management of patients with complex and/or
life threatening problems across the lifespan.

['Apply knowledge and concepts of biological,
pathophysiological, psychological and social sciences
to patients with complex and/or life threatening illness
throughout the life span.', 'Acquire in-depth knowledge
on complex health problems experienced by patients
throughout the lifespan in a range of settings.',
'Identify and implement response systems for the
deteriorating patient in the clinical setting.', 'Explain
appropriate therapeutic medications in the context of
drug actions, indications, dosage, interactions and
reactions in the patient with complex and/or life
threatening illness.', 'Identify, analyse and resolve
clinical concerns in the patient with complex and/or life
threatening illness.', 'Develop and implement patient
centred care appropriate to the needs and wishes of
the patient and their family/carer, regardless of race,
age, gender, sexual preference, physical or mental
state or other diverse needs.', 'Critically reflect on the
values, attitudes and communication required by
nurses when caring for patients and families/carers
with diverse needs; complex and/or life threatening
illness or the deteriorating patient.', 'Undertake
complex nursing activities in a range of health settings
and apply appropriate principles of prioritising and
time management according to the clinical setting.',
'Critically reflect on decisions and judgements made
to demonstrate accountability for evidence informed
patient care.', 'Practice with increasing independence
in accordance with the Australian and Midwifery
Council National competency standards for the
registered nurse, Codes of ethics and Code of
professional conduct for nurses.']

SCU2021

This unit will explore advanced moulding and casting
processes where students will learn casting processes
and metal finishing techniques in materials such as
bronze, aluminium, plaster, concrete and other
materials. The unit looks at contemporary artists who
employ casting processes and addresses the different
conceptual frameworks for a range of casting
outcomes.

['Critically analyse the conceptual and material
readings of different casting processes and what
meanings are generated from working with these
techniques within a contemporary context;', 'Apply
advanced skills and techniques in the casting and the
finishing of a sculptural object;', 'Create works that
synthesise ideas into a sculptural object or series of
objects;', 'Understand the material propositions of
casting materials that are investigated;', 'Apply skills
and knowledge to further enhance a cross disciplinary
engagement with sculptural and material practices;',
'Understand and apply the rules of occupational
health and safety appropriate to the discipline
practice.']

ATS3332

This unit introduces students to the study of music in
different cultural contexts. Culturally-specific
approaches to performance, composition, music
technology and ethnomusicology/musicology will be
investigated in their environments. The focus of the
unit will be a reflective approach to the integration of
diverse traditions of music into individual creative and
research activity. Courses are offered subject to
availability and may be stream-specific.

['Understand key elements of a specific cultural
context including unique approaches to a particular
stream of music study;', 'Reflect upon their own
musical practices and develop insights into newly
acquired cultural knowledge about music;', 'Apply
concepts they learned to a specific stream of music
study.']

NUR2204

This unit introduces the concept of working with
families from a strengths-based framework. The
concept of family strengths has been studied for
several decades and describes a family that functions
optimally in support of the individual members. When
nurses and other professionals use a family strengths
theoretical framework in their daily practice, they
contribute to providing health care that focuses on the
whole rather than only the individual and begin to
support families when accessing health care. A
healthy family may be stronger in one area than
another, and strengths may overlap with each other. It
is well known that the family environment may have a
positive or a negative effect on individuals in the
family, depending on the family's values, beliefs, and
ability to manage change. The composition and
structure of contemporary families are wide-ranging,
and include families from varying cultures, with
composition including single and extended families,
and families at differing socioeconomic levels. This
unit aims to bridge the gap in theoretical content
related to family care across the lifespan so that
nurses and other professionals can explore the factors
that shape their capacity to develop caring
relationships with individuals, families, groups,
populations, and communities.

['Compare and contrast strengths, supports, protective
factors and vulnerabilities within differing families',
'Discuss the impact of contemporary issues on the
health and wellbeing of the family in the context of
multicultural families and communities living in
Australia', 'Explore how a strengths-based approach
to working with families is developed and defined
within the nursing context and the broader health care
system', 'Critically appraise the concept of building
trusting relationship with individuals, families and
communities to facilitate health and wellbeing',
"Describe the nurses' and other professionals role and
responsibilities when working with at risk families",
'Discuss the role of the health professional in
promoting health and wellbeing within families across
the life span.']

MCE5212

This unit will provide a detailed understanding of the
molecular biology and genetic diagnostic techniques
utilised in Assisted Reproductive Technology (ART)
programs. Students will be taught the differences
between Pre Implantation Screening (PGS) by array
techniques, pre-implantation genetic diagnosis (PGD)
of singe gene disorders and non-invasive pre-natal
testing. This knowledge is enhanced by learning how
biopsies are performed on embryos, how the biopsied
cells are processed for the various different genetic
tests, and how these tests are interpreted in a clinical
setting On completion, students will possess a sound
theoretical knowledge and understanding of the
molecular and genetic techniques used in a clinical
human genetics laboratory, and also be familiar with
the different practical applications of these techniques.
They will also appreciate ethical implications and
societal expectation in PGS and PGD.

['Explain the historical and current techniques used for
chromosomal and molecular genetic analysis in
clinical situations', 'Compare pre-implantation genetic
screening, pre-implantation genetic diagnosis of
single gene disorders and non-invasive pre-natal
testing', 'Describe the technical aspects behind
embryo biopsy, including cell extraction and result
interpretation', 'Critically analyse the complexities and
limitations of current genetic technology', 'Diagnose a
clinical genetic case', 'Critically analyse ethical
implications and societal expectations of genetic
testing and regenerative medicine']

MTE6887

Additive Manufacturing (AM) of polymeric materials is
an important manufacturing platform for the fabrication
of functional and customisable engineered products.
This unit will provide an overview of existing additive
manufacturing processes such as 'fused deposition
modelling', 'stereolithography', 'polymer jetting' and
'powder bed fusion'. Each of these technologies relies
on the appropriate selection of a polymer and the
fundamentals of different classes of polymeric
materials will be reviewed. Advantages and
drawbacks of existing and emerging AM technologies
will also be discussed. The unit will also investigate
examples of the use of these technologies for the
design and fabrication of functional polymeric parts.
The students will obtain practical skills in 3D printing
of polymers, computer-aided design and processing of
polymers for Additive Manufacturing.

['Recognise and distinguish between the different
classes of polymeric materials used for Additive
Manufacturing.', 'Select the adequate Additive
Manufacturing process based on the functional
requirements of the product.', 'Demonstrate in-depth
understanding of additive manufacturing
technologies.', 'Discuss in detail the factors that affect
geometric properties such as minimum wall thickness,
minimum feature size and/or minimum space between
designed surface of 3D printed part.', 'Choose
appropriate strategy for the orientation of a 3D printed
part on the build platform and the generation of the
support structure in order to minimise postprocessing
activities.', 'Demonstrate practical skills in 3D printing
of polymers.']

MKF5251

Using the case study method this unit provides an
analytical framework from which students can explore
how marketing strategy is applied to a variety of
organisations within the context of contemporary and
emerging issues. Students will be taught how to
analyse, evaluate and implement marketing strategy.
As this is the capstone unit in the Master of Marketing
degree course, a theoretical grounding in the earlier
core marketing units is essential for students
undertaking this unit.

['integrate the theoretical and functional aspects of
marketing (and other business disciplines) into a
practical problem-solving framework', 'analyse
information supplied from a case and identify the core
marketing problem', 'design, evaluate and recommend
marketing strategies that solve the identified core
marketing problem', 'develop personal communication
and discussion skills.']

LAW4115

Controls designed to control pollution of air, water,
and land, noise pollution, and conservation of the
national estate. Enforcement of such controls.
Relevance of environmental considerations over a
wide range of decision making processes.
Environmental impact assessment. An introduction to
planning law. Coordination of environmental controls
between Commonwealth and States including
relevant provisions of the Environment Protection and
Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 (Cth).
Environmental litigation, including issues of
justiciability, and the standing of private citizens and
environmental groups.

['have been exposed to the principal common law and
legislative control mechanisms designed to protect
and conserve the environment', 'have a
comprehensive knowledge of the sanctions and
enforcement methods available', 'be equipped to
advise individuals, corporations, and community
groups as to their rights and obligations under
environmental legislation', "have an understanding of
the relevance of environmental concerns over a wide
range of 'governmental' decision-making processes",
'have an appreciation of the new national approaches
to the coordination and harmonisation of
Federal-State functions in relation to the
environment.']

PGP5012

Applied Pharmacy Practice 2 is undertaken during the
pharmacy internship year. This unit enables pharmacy
graduates to build upon their knowledge and
experience and to develop the competencies required
for independent practice as a pharmacist. The unit
explores the day-to-day practice of pharmacy
including therapeutics, problem solving, evidence
based practice, medication management, patient
monitoring, adherence to medication, the application
of professional pharmacy standards and
competencies, the ethical and legal aspects of
pharmacy practice, multidisciplinary approaches to
health care, primary care, communication and
counselling, health promotion, pharmaceutical
calculations, extemporaneous dispensing, risk
management and dealing with difficult situations in
practice. In this unit, students will enhance their
technical, clinical, personal and professional skills.

['Demonstrate a sound understanding of the legal,
professional and ethical framework for pharmacy
practice in Australia.', 'Demonstrate strong problem
solving skills and apply professional judgement in a
range of areas including prescription problems,
therapeutic problems, and legal and ethical
problems.', 'Apply evidence-based principles to the
practice of pharmacy.', 'Promote and contribute to
optimal use of medicines.', 'Provide primary health
care, including: identifying symptoms, knowing when
to refer patients for medical evaluation, and
recommending appropriate non-prescription
products.', 'Effectively communicate
medication-related information to patients and other
health professionals.', 'Solve simple and complex
pharmaceutical calculations.', 'Understand the nature
and importance of multi-disciplinary care.', 'Apply
organisational skills and manage work issues and
interpersonal relationships in pharmacy practice.']

NUR2228

This unit builds on the content covered in NUR2226,
Nursing practice contexts 1.

['Use a systematic and person centred approach for
patient assessment and management, integrating
anatomical, physiological, and psychosocial factors.',
'Apply knowledge of pathophysiology associated with
disease states across the life span.', 'Apply knowledge
of pharmacotherapeutics to the nursing management
of medications for patients across the lifespan.', 'Apply
clinical judgement to the administration of medications
for patients across the lifespan.', 'Demonstrate skill
development in clinical reasoning by identifying
patient problems, implementing interventions,
evaluating outcomes and reflecting on learning', 'Plan,
implement and evaluate culturally relevant and age
specific nursing interventions, for patients.', 'Identify
organisational factors which impact on patient care
and participate in quality improvement processes.',
'Explain how the advances in evidence and
technology guide appropriate patient management.',
'Demonstrate integration of nursing theory in the
provision of safe and professional practice in a range
of clinical nursing settings.']

BND3202

This unit is focussed on extending students' food
composition, food therapeutic and food systems
knowledge to support dietetic practice with integration
and application in the practical and placement setting.
There is extension of students' research and problem
solving skills in managing placement based food
service challenges. Students' personal and
professional competencies are further developed.
This unit supports fulfilment of prescribed
competencies as outlined by the Dieticians
Association of Australia.

['Integrate food composition and practical food
knowledge to a range of therapeutic applications to
support dietetic practice', 'Compare and contrast food
service systems across healthcare settings including
key regulatory and accreditation systems relevant to
food service management.', 'Develop and
communicate plans to provide safe and nutritious food
in food service settings', 'Implement, evaluate and
disseminate results of activities that support delivery
of quality nutrition and food standards within a food
service', 'Apply research practice skills and innovative
problem solving to food service management
challenges', 'Apply the principles of management in
food service including organisational management,
human resource management and production
management', 'Utilise reflection, professional and
personal communication and teamwork skills.']

ATS2469

The unit considers the concepts of justice, victims and
the law as they exist within and beyond the legal
system. The unit engages with historical and
contemporary perspectives and constructions of these
intersecting concepts to explore understandings of
crime and criminality, and examine the potentials and
limitations of the legal system in practice. Bringing
together interdisciplinary approaches from law,
criminology and socio-legal studies, this unit considers
the relationships between law, justice and victims
through the study of: criminal and civil law, restorative
justice, therapeutic jurisprudence, public policy, the
media, criminal justice procedures, human rights and
social change.

['identify how concepts of victims, justice and the law
are constructed in historical and contemporary
contexts;', 'demonstrate research skills using
University library and databases to access
contemporary scholarship and data to inform written
and in class discussions;', 'demonstrate depth of
knowledge and comprehension of key criminological
perspectives and concepts involving victims, justice
and the law;', 'communicate well-structured,
evidenced and organised responses to contemporary
debates involving victims, justice and the law; and',
'identify and synthesise understandings of justice,
victims and the law, including an analysis of their
theoretical versus practical application and impacts.']

MTE5881

The scattering of different types of radiation from
crystalline materials gives fundamental insight into
materials properties at various length scales,
beginning with atomic structure and culminating in
interatomic bonding. The unit will be taught as a
series of modules covering essential knowledge in
each area of diffraction (X-ray diffraction, electron
diffraction, and neutron diffraction), including a solid
coverage of crystallography and how it is applied in all
of the characterisation techniques that reside within
each of these areas of diffraction.

['judge the characterisation technique best suited to
answer particular material property questions',
'recognise the limitations of what can be learnt from
different techniques based on specimen and
instrumental limitations', 'design experiments to
enhance the characterisation of a material', 'appraise
the current state-of-the-art of emerging
characterisation techniques', 'devise strategies to
combine techniques to obtain optimum information
about material properties', 'formulate ways to optimally
prepare specimen for each characterisation
technique.']

MKF5371

Marketing of business goods and services poses
some unique challenges for business-to-business
marketing practitioners. This unit provides an
integrated marketing and strategic management
approach into understanding and applying
business-to-business marketing theory. In so doing,
the unit places business goods and services issues
within a broader marketing context. The unit
addresses the need for business-to-business
marketers to not only understand buyer-seller
relationships and behaviours but also how to use
these insights to develop business marketing
strategies in dynamic markets.

['understand the core concepts and theories of
business-to-business marketing', 'use
business-to-business literature to critique current
business practice', 'use the understanding of
buyer-seller relationships and behaviour to develop
marketing strategies for dynamic business markets',
'research and apply business-to-business marketing
theories to practice.']

ATS2535

This unit analyses texts that are representative of the
stylistic diversity found in film and television. The aim
is to develop in students an awareness of film and
televisual form and style, and of how communication
is organised within certain structured ways. The areas
of film and television used to exemplify topics will be
major innovatory phases including the development of
film form in the continuity editing system 1895-1920,
Russian formal experiments in the 1920s, alternative
formal systems in Asian film, and post-war
developments, including Italian neo-realism,
European art cinema, avant-garde film, Third World
filmmaking, and contemporary Hollywood and World
film and television.

['Demonstrate an understanding of issues of spatial
construction in film;', 'Demonstrate an understanding
of a range of editing styles, in particular the continuity
editing system and alternatives to it;', 'To comment on
a number of other parameters of filmic and televisual
communication, for example use of body language,
sound mixing, and different kinds of narrative
organisation and culturally specific iconography.']

MTE4572

This unit deals with the structure, processing and
properties of polymers and shows how these aspects
determine their use in particular applications. The
rheology of polymers are discussed and the factors
controlling viscosity are described and related to
polymer processing. The thermodynamics of polymer
blends and the resulting morphology is related to the
mechanical properties. The wide range of polymer
additives is reviewed. For composite materials, the
types of matrices and fibres/fillers are described as
well as composite fabrication and the effect of
reinforcement on properties. Designing with polymers
and materials selection for properties and applications
is studied in detail.

['Appraise the various synthetic methods of
polymerisation and an analysis of steady shear,
tensile and dynamic rheometry and how polymer
rheology depends on molecular weight, structure,
temperature and deformation rate, and how this
determines the processing techniques used.', 'Assess
the factors affecting the stiffness and creep, the
strength and toughness, the solvent resistance,
electrical properties and the friction/wear of
polymers.', 'Assess the detailed basis behind the
selection of polymers and processing methods for
specific applications and the properties required for
their application.', 'Analyse a design problem involving
polymeric materials, to select the appropriate
material(s) and to formulate a solution which includes
material fabrication, reliability, quality control and an
estimate of cost.', 'Predict the properties of
thermoplastics, thermosets, elastomers and
composites, based on their structure.', 'Demonstrate
communication with scientists and industrialists
regarding engineering polymers.']

MAE3401

This unit develops further the students' physical
understanding and analytical skills by including
compressibility effects and the viscous nature of
aerodynamic flows and translates that into the ability
to formulate, analyse and solve very general
aerodynamic problems. It covers control volume
analysis of steady, one-dimensional, linear and
nonlinear compressible flows. Nozzle flows. Steady,
supersonic, two-dimensional linear and nonlinear
flows. Linearised compressible subsonic and
supersonic flow. Introduction to transonic and
hypersonic flow. Control volume analysis of viscous
incompressible flow, boundary layer flow and free
shear flows like jets and wakes, including momentum
integral analysis, similarity analysis and similarity
solutions of these equations as they pertain to wall
bounded and free shear flows. Application of this
knowledge to simple design problems.

['Formulate the equations governing compressible
airflow, normal and oblique shocks and expansion
fans using control volume analysis and the
fundamental thermodynamic properties of gases',
'Apply the quasi-1D approximation principle to design
supersonic nozzles (e.g. rocket propulsion), wind
tunnels and diffusers.', 'Determine lift and drag on
supersonic aerofoils using non-linear methods or
linearised approximations as appropriate.', 'Determine
the governing equations for viscous boundary layer
flows, and apply these equations to calculate the drag
due to skin friction in laminar and turbulent
boundary-layer flows.', 'Determine engineering
solutions for the aerodynamics of flight vehicles by
synthesis of incompressible, compressible, inviscid
and viscous flow theories']

MPH5231

This unit is designed to allow students to identify a
research project in the field of population health or
clinical research, confirm an appropriate supervisor,
develop the research question and methodology, and
commence the project, including obtaining ethics
approval if relevant.

['Describe the theoretical basis behind their topic and
research design', 'Synthesise critical arguments in
relation to the existing literature about the topic',
'Develop appropriate research questions, aims and
hypotheses', 'Demonstrate a collaborative and critical
approach to research', 'Identify the ethical and
methodological issues related to the conduct of the
proposed research', 'Successfully complete and
receive the necessary ethical and governance
approvals for the conduct of their research (if
required)', 'Effectively manage time and resources to
achieve pre-determined goals.']

MEC4407

This unit builds on knowledge gained in both second
year design units, and other core engineering classes,
and continues the use of group work and design
projects as key learning methodologies to integrate
theoretical knowledge and understanding. It includes
use of design software tools for 3D modelling,
assembly, finite element analysis (FEA),
computational fluid dynamics (CFD) and design
optimisation. Topics on manufacturing processes will
incorporate the discussion of a variety of modern
computer controlled processes in addition to those
relating to composites and polymers. The unit will
emphasise design methodologies and processes for
low cost, manufacturability, ease of assembly and
speed to market.

['Use industry standard engineering software tools for
design (CAD) and simulation (stress analysis,
dynamics, fluid dynamics, optimisation) of complex
engineering problems.', 'Design a product or process
that satisfies design specifications and is optimised
based on interdependent and competing factors.',
'Synthesise engineering hand calculations, numerical
predictions and experimental test results to predict
product and process performance.', 'Reflect on
teamwork, project management, leadership and
conflict resolution in the context of the group projects
and activities.', 'Describe and select appropriate
composite materials and manufacturing techniques for
industrial applications and consumer products.']

ATS1906

This unit continues the overview of the important
sentence structures of modern standard Chinese
begun in Chinese introductory for background
speakers 1. It continues to provide training in formal
grammatical structures and vocabulary to further
develop students' literacy. An oral component is also
included. This unit continues to provide students with
a basic critical understanding of Chinese society, its
values and their evolutions.

['To be able to recognise an additional 500 Chinese
characters (900 in total) .', 'To be able to write an
additional 500 Chinese characters (900 in total).', 'To
gain an understanding of the basic syntax system of
Modern Standard Chinese and of the similarities
between it and English.', 'To acquire comprehension
skills necessary to read simple modern vernacular
texts.', 'To acquire basic Chinese word processing
skills.', 'To further develop oral proficiency
(approximates to Common European Framework of
Reference for Languages A2)', 'To further acquire a
basic critical understanding of Chinese society, its
values and their evolutions']

PSY5161

Students will develop an understanding of the role of
the Clinical Neuropsychologist and of legal and ethical
principles governing research and professional
practice in psychology. Students will review relevant
legislation and ethical/professional standards and
develop ethically and culturally sensitive psychological
practices. They will learn how to work with other
professionals and develop the skills to conduct a
clinical interview, take a case history, and write a
report. Students will observe at least one
neuropsychological assessment.

['Be familiar with the legal and ethical principles which
govern research and professional practice in
psychology and understand how to apply their
knowledge of relevant legislation and codes of
professional conduct to such issues as confidentiality,
informed consent, freedom of information, intra and
inter professional relationships, responsibilities, and
professional conduct;', 'Be able to define the
professional role/s of the Clinical Neuropsychologist;',
'Understand the relationship between the Clinical
Neuropsychologist and other health professionals;',
'Have an understanding of the importance of
teamwork and the skills necessary to implement this
understanding;', 'Have acquired the practical skills
necessary to conduct a clinical interview, develop an
understanding of the history preceding the
development of a neuropsychological problem and
write a comprehensive case report; and', 'Have an
understanding of the intercultural and ethnic issues
that impact on neuropsychological practice.']

NUR1001

This introductory unit will introduce the student to the
ANMC competency domain of collaborative and
therapeutic practice. Content in this unit will
compliment theory and skills taught in other units in
semester one of the course. Students will be provided
the opportunity to explore important professional
aspects of being a nurse or midwife and the
significance of fitness for practice. Students will:

['Apply, at a beginning level, critical thinking and
reflection in the development of self as an
independent learner and a future health professional.',
'Demonstrate knowledge of psychological processes
related to development, conflict, stress and attitudes.',
'Describe modes of therapeutic communication
employed by healthcare professionals including key
issues, barriers and strategies that must be
considered in each focussed on person-centredness.',
'Explain the modes of professional communication
within professional relationships focussed on fitness
for practice.', 'Discuss the importance of
evidence-based practice in the provision of safe,
effective, holistic health care.', 'Explore differing
models for translation of evidence to practice.']

RAD3042

This 3rd year Unit expands upon the knowledge, skills
and judgment acquired in year's one and two of the
Course through more in-depth study of five themes
that are relevant to radiographic practice.

['Perform and evaluate correct patient preparation and
sonographic imaging methods employed in
examinations of the upper abdomen.', 'Identify and
interpret normal structures, function and common
pathological appearances in abdominal ultrasound
images.', 'Evaluate the function, application and
potential pitfalls of ultrasound instrumentation used in
abdominal ultrasound scanning.', 'Analyse clinical
best practice with respect to the safe operation of MRI
imaging systems and patient preparation with respect
to MRI.', 'Justify the appropriate introductory MRI
imaging sequences for given clinical indications
across key body areas.', 'Appraise advanced
radiographic techniques and radiation protection
strategies in professional practice.', 'Analyse the
biological effects of ultrasound and ionising radiation,
radio-sensitivity of specific organ systems and
describe the relevant theories of radiation damage
and repair mechanisms.', 'Evaluate data collection
methodologies, perform basic statistical analyses,
report on accuracy and precision of outcomes using
p-value, t-tests, Pearson correlations and other
appropriate quantifiers.', 'Evaluate advances in
instrumentation, quality assurance techniques,
relevant protocols and methods employed in breast
imaging including medical ultrasound.', 'Apply the
concepts of Monte-Carlo calculations, depth-dose
curves, interaction cross-sections, tissue conversion
tables and beam quality parameterisations to perform
numerical dose calculations for a variety of
radiographic imaging protocols.', 'Evaluate
mammographic technique and the psycho-social
elements of breast imaging. Correlate each of these
elements to comprehend best practice
mammography.', 'Identify personal learning goals with
patient-focussed clinical decision making in general
radiography including contrast, trauma, fluoroscopic,
paediatric and mobile imaging with various patients,
encompassing the broader healthcare team.',
'Perform general radiographic examinations of adult
patients at the level of competent student
radiographer.', 'Perform general radiographic
examinations of paediatric and complex adult patients
at the level of advanced beginner student
radiographer.']

CIV4249

Review of soil mechanics model; the geological
context of a project; site investigation and laboratory
testing techniques; conceptual design of foundations;
elastic, consolidation and creep settlement of shallow
footings; total and differential settlement; bearing
capacity of shallow footings of layered soils; raft
foundations; piling options; the relationship between
construction techniques and pile performance; axial
capacity of single piles in compression and tension;
settlement of single piles; capacity and settlement of
pile groups; piled rafts; lateral capacity of piles;
rational methods for design of rock-socketed piles;
static, dynamic, statnamic and integrity testing of
piles.

['Assess geotechnical investigation carried out for a
civil infrastructure development project.', 'Generate
geological models for a development site based on
the geotechnical investigation data.', 'Predict design
parameters for materials of interest from the
geotechnical investigation results and existing
correlations.', 'Design shallow foundations on complex
ground profiles using site specific material properties
and satisfying limit states requirements.', 'Design pile
foundations for complex loads and ground conditions
based on limit state and serviceability requirements.',
'Generate quality reports for geotechnical
investigation and design outputs.']

NUR3022

This clinical practice unit introduces students to the
nursing management of patients with complex and/or
life threatening problems across the lifespan.

['Apply knowledge and concepts of biological,
pathophysiological, psychological and social sciences
to patients with complex and/or life threatening illness
throughout the life span.', 'Acquire in-depth knowledge
on complex health problems experienced by patients
throughout the lifespan in a range of settings.',
'Identify and implement response systems for the
deteriorating patient in the clinical setting.', 'Explain
appropriate therapeutic medications in the context of
drug actions, indications, dosage, interactions and
reactions in the patient with complex and/or life
threatening illness.', 'Identify, analyse and resolve
clinical concerns in the patient with complex and/or life
threatening illness.', 'Develop and implement patient
centred care appropriate to the needs and wishes of
the patient and their family/carer, regardless of race,
age, gender, sexual preference, physical or mental
state or other diverse needs.', 'Critically reflect on the
values, attitudes and communication required by
nurses when caring for patients and families/carers
with diverse needs; complex and/or life threatening
illness or the deteriorating patient.', 'Undertake
complex nursing activities in a range of health settings
and apply appropriate principles of prioritising and
time management according to the clinical setting.',
'Critically reflect on decisions and judgements made
to demonstrate accountability for evidence informed
patient care.', 'Practice with increasing independence
in accordance with the Australian and Midwifery
Council National competency standards for the
registered nurse, Codes of ethics and Code of
professional conduct for nurses.']

RAD5106

This unit will examine ICT and the hardware
infrastructure that underpins secure delivery of the
software applications and the robustness required to
deliver modern health services. Picture Archive and
Communication Systems (PACS) and Radiology
Information Systems (RIS) are two health applications
to be covered more in depth, together with an
overview of other health related software applications
such as the Electronic Patient Record (EPR).
Students will also explore project and change
management principles and learn how they can be
applied more specifically to advanced medical
radiation practice.

['Describe their obligations in relation to Patient Health
Record Privacy and Security.', 'Explain how
knowledge of ICT terminology and practices facilitates
more effective outcomes for users of health services.',
'Distinguish between the various components of the IT
infrastructure including Network, Virtual Server
environment and ICT support mechanisms.', 'Critically
evaluate the roles and interdependencies of the
software applications of PACS and RIS, and their
relationship with other health IT applications.', 'Apply
the principles of Project Management and Change
Management methodologies in their work.',
'Demonstrate how health informatics functions across
the wider health domain and how integration is
applied.', 'Create Business Continuity Plans and
Disaster Recovery Plans for their Health IT
applications.']

PAR5240

This unit addresses the role of the aeromedical team
and the use of fixed and rotary wing aircraft within
search and rescue.

['Appraise the role of fixed and rotary wing aircraft and
the aeromedical team in search and rescue;', 'Explain
air search techniques including the role of the
observer;', 'Determine the specific requirements for
packaging patients for rescue;', 'Evaluate different
survival techniques on land and in sea;', 'Participate in
helicopter winching techniques; and', 'Identify the
required elements of aeromedical retrieval rescue
pertaining to their professional role.']

APG5103

The unit provides students with understandings of the
conceptual and theoretical frameworks for policy
analysis and evaluation which are necessary to
present effective policy advice to the highest levels of
government. Using real-life examples of public policy,
the unit explores the challenges of problem definition,
analysing and evaluating evidence, choosing policy
instruments, developing policy options, and preparing
and submitting policy advice.

['employ expert knowledge and specialist skills in
policy analysis and evaluation to enable discipline
based solutions relevant to diverse business,
professional and public policy communities;', 'devise
and deliver innovative solutions to policy-related
challenges employing advanced critical thinking,
evaluation and research skills;', 'communicate policy
analysis and options with clarity and purpose.']

BMH4100

Students will undertake a supervised research project
of a publishable standard. Candidates may
commence the Honours year at the beginning of
either the first or second semester. Students will
research literature relevant to their topic, carry out a
research project and present the results of their study
in both written and oral form. Information about the
research projects is available from the course
coordinator and at information sessions held during
the second semester of third year.

['Critically review the scientific literature that underpins
the area of the research project;', 'Undertake a
supervised research project and contribute to project
design and management;', 'Apply appropriate
laboratory techniques, research methodologies and
data analysis methods to collect, interpret and report
research findings;', 'Effectively present research and
findings orally showing a firm grasp of the area;',
'Analyse research undertaken in the context of the
discipline area and report findings in an extended
written report.']

AZA2719

The unit introduces students to political key thinkers
and analyses themes in classical and contemporary
political and social theory. The contrasting
perspectives of the classical thinkers and
contemporary theorists are critically analysed and
evaluated. Students examine theoretical issues such
as structure, power, culture action and modernity.
African specific examples are used comparatively to
analyse whether African environments offer other
ways of conceptualising political and social reality.

['Develop an understanding of several political and
social theories (classical and contemporary), learn to
appreciate alternative and differing approaches to
analysing social relations;', 'Gain an understanding of
how political and sociological knowledge has
developed over time;', 'Learn to critique certain
accepted political and social theories and learn how to
question dominant ideas and assumptions;', 'Engage
in comparison in order to stimulate and engrain the
two above mentioned outcomes;', 'Develop their oral
and written skills in order to analyse theoretical
material.']

ATS1119

Knowledge of the evolving digital "grammar" of video
production, broadcasting, news reporting, advertising,
and social media is a powerful literacy that is essential
for media communication professionals of the future.
This "hands on", project-based unit provides you with
a collaborative learning space where you can combine
analytical skills in digital literacy with practical skills in
media production to develop digital fluency. You will
work in small groups to create a digital storytelling
project that reflects on an aspect of media
communication of relevance to the digital age. You will
also have opportunities for self-initiated learning and
individual assignments.

['identify and discuss the communicative role of
specific digital media and different uses of digital
storytelling;', 'analyse key elements of a variety of
digital communication;', 'think critically about the legal
and ethical issues of digital communication;', 'work
reflectively, independently and collaboratively with
peers to develop and demonstrate technical
proficiency and digital literacy skills;', 'apply digital
literacy skills to create a digital story that critically
reflects on the evolving languages of digital
communication.']

MKX4461

This unit provides students with an in-depth exposure
to contemporary issues in marketing and in particular
to the relationship between observed marketing
practice and extant marketing theory. Taught in
seminar format, the unit requires significant interaction
between students and presenters.

["recognise and evaluate some of the contemporary
issues facing organisations and particularly marketers
and marketing in today's dynamic marketplace",
'examine how traditional marketing theory, structures,
concepts, techniques and practices may become
emerging issues, transformed by new knowledge or
impacted by alternative perspectives', 'explain a
number of contemporary issues and their impact in
detail', 'analyse existing literature to gain insight into
selected current and future issues that will impact
business and marketing in particular', 'recommend
and compose responses to existing or potential
marketing issues.']

NUR5004

This unit provides final preparation of the student for
practice as a registered nurse. Adult learning
principles are applied to encourage the student to
identify specific learning needs and pursue
opportunities to achieve tailored educational
objectives. The approach to clinical learning featured
in this unit enables students to explore an area of
specific interest in nursing.

['Explain the principles of clinical management for
patients with advanced cardiac and respiratory
illness.', 'Reflect on and identify specific learning
needs in preparation for registration as a professional
nurse;', 'Utilise adult learning theories, concepts and
principles to identify specific learning needs and
strategies by which these can be met;', 'Apply
effective decision making frameworks to the
identification and management of practice based
problems and issues;', "Develop and implement
patient centred care interventions that encompass
patients' cultural, ethical and developmental needs;",
'Reflect critically on personal and professional
development in preparation for practice as a
registered nurse;', 'Demonstrate readiness for
beginning practice in accordance with, Nursing &
Midwifery Board of Australia Registered Nurse
Standards for Practice, Code of Ethics and Code of
Professional Conduct for Nurses, and;', 'Develop
evidence of competency through the development of a
professional portfolio.']

MPH5313

This unit will examine foundation aspects of public
health with a focus on contemporary challenges.
Students will apply this knowledge to critically
appraise initiatives to address complex health issues
from a public health perspective, and will be expected
to engage with current public health issues and
communicate their ideas clearly and effectively.

['Describe the basic principles and tools of public
health practice.', 'Examine the interdisciplinary and
intersectoral relationships that contribute to public
health.', 'Discuss a range of behavioural, social and
cultural, environmental and political determinants of
health.', 'Identify and appraise methods and
application of disease prevention and control at a
population level.', 'Define the principles of evidence
based practice and assess their implementation
across public health initiatives.']

APG5547

The unit builds on core units APG5095 and APG5096
by introducing students to the day-to-day function of a
working TV/radio studio. Students will learn the key
skills required in broadcasting a program for TV and
Radio including content production, studio equipment
operation and presenting/interviewing skills. Students
will critically consider the challenges of news and
current affairs studio production. Students will also
make use of a purpose-built newsroom for the
learning of multimedia production techniques.

['research and source radio and television content for
broadcast purposes;', 'work independently to record,
film, voice and edit compelling radio and television
stories;', "recognise and respect key ethical and legal
obligations associated with broadcast journalism and
reflect critically on their own and others' performance
in this regard;", 'present live radio and television
bulletins under pressure;', 'identify local, national and
international people and events relevant to current
and media issues;', 'operate a range of studio
technology for the production of video and audio
programs.']

SWM5108

Supervised Professional Practice 2 enables students
to observe, practice and critically reflect on the role of
social work in a health or human services context and
to further develop a professional social work identity.

['Apply the AASW Code of Ethics to the practice
context.', "Identify the placement provider's legal and
political context within the health and human services
field.", 'Explain the legislation and social policies that
influence the field of practice.', 'Articulate the theories
and methods relevant to the placement context and
critically reflect on their use and application.', 'Apply
effective communication skills within the placement
context.', 'Assume responsibility for self-learning and
professional development while on placement.',
'Critically apply knowledge of assessment,
intervention and referral skills to the field of practice.',
'Critically analyse different types of social research
and their application to social work in the context of
the placement setting.', 'Interpret and adapt
knowledge of cultural diversity in order to work in a
culturally responsive and inclusive manner in a social
work context.\n\nStudents must also provide evidence
of completion of at least 500 hours of field
placement.']

PAR5250

This unit specifically addresses the fundamental
requirements for effective planning, leadership and
the provision of definitive care for the complex
retrieval and repatriation of sick and injured patients,
both within the specialised aeromedical and also in
non-specialised (commercial aircraft).

['Describe the facilities and equipment available on
non dedicated aeromedical airlines (including
commercial airlines) to facilitate care of the patient
during flight;', 'Explain the implications of common
international travel conventions and legal
requirements related to moving patients, equipment
and drugs from port to port to the successful and safe
retrieval of the patient;', 'Predict the specific effects of
altitude on susceptible medical, surgical and traumatic
conditions;', 'Generate pharmacotherapeutic and fluid
administration plans to manage common conditions
requiring aeromedical transport, demonstrating
effective forward planning to manage potential
complications that may arise;', 'Formulate holistic
patient care plans appropriate to the professional
practice level of the student, demonstrating a
comprehensive knowledge of medical equipment;',
'Devise clinical management strategies which will
predict and prevent potential aeromedical problems
which affect safe and efficient patient transport;']

ASP4021

Students undertake studies in three selected topics in
Astrophysics and related fields, which provide
fundamental instruction in key aspects of modern
astrophysics.

['Demonstrate an understanding of fundamental
aspects of computational modelling in astrophysics
and related disciplines.', 'Develop skills in
computational modelling that are fundamental to the
study of astrophysics.', 'Synthesise and interpret
astrophysical knowledge.', 'Make effective use of
information and communication technology for the
collection and analysis of data, the solution to
problems in astrophysics and the written/oral
presentation of work relevant to the area of study.']

NUR5112

This clinical unit will facilitate the transition of students
into the Australian nursing workforce.

['Develop and enhance fundamental knowledge, skills
and attitudes to provide basic safe and competent
nursing care in an Australia healthcare setting;',
'Demonstrate clinical competency, specifically in the
areas of assessment, clinical decision making,
standard of care, care planning and implementation,
evaluation of care; and understanding of the
organisational context in which the nurse practises;',
'Communicate effectively with health consumers,
caregivers and other healthcare professionals and be
able to build therapeutic and professional
relationships;', 'Apply the principles of adult learning to
identify specific learning needs related to the practice
of nursing in Australia;', 'Evaluate the contribution of
leadership, management, teamwork and
interdisciplinary collaboration in the provision of
quality nursing care;', 'Analyse a range of problem
solving and time management strategies that enhance
the organisation of clinical workload;', 'Incorporate and
evaluate culturally and ethically relevant and age
specific nursing interventions for clients across the
lifespan;', "Reflect critically on their own actions,
professional role development and on the nature of
nursing practice in relation to the management of
clients' health situations;", 'Demonstrate evidence of
continuing competence to practice as a registered
nurse through the development of a professional
portfolio;', 'Practise with increasing independence, in
accordance with the Australian Nursing and Midwifery
Council (ANMAC) registered nurse competencies;
and', 'Apply a clinical reasoning process in the
resolution of a number of example clinical nursing
problems within the parameters of the registered
nurses scope of practice.']

LAW4121

The unit focuses on the rights and liabilities of parties
to an insurance contract as governed by the common
law and statute, with particular reference to the
Insurance Contracts Act 1984 (Cth). Topics covered
include risk, insurable interest, the duty of utmost
good faith, non-disclosure and misrepresentation,
conditions, warranties and premium, the role of agents
and brokers in the formation of contracts of insurance,
construction of policies and standard cover,
adjustment of rights including claims, causation, proof
and fraud, the indemnity principle and measure of
loss, remedies and dispute resolution, subrogation,
double insurance and contribution, cancellation of
cover. While reference is made to different types of
insurance (eg. Life, marine, liability, fire etc) the
special rules applying to each type are not covered in
detail. A linking theme for all topics will be historical
context and the challenges surrounding any proposals
for reform.

['Articulate and apply the fundamental common law
and statutory principles of insurance demonstrating a
sophisticated awareness of the surrounding regulatory
and political environment.', 'Demonstrate cognitive
and critical skills in approaching complex issues
relating to insurance law and the place of the sector in
the community.', 'Communicate effectively,
appropriately and persuasively on issues relating to
insurance law and practice.', 'Provide and make use
of feedback to assess their own capabilities and
performance and to emphasise the importance of
feedback in supporting personal and professional
development.', 'Evaluate the role of insurance law in
regulating and facilitating commercial transactions.']

AHT3602

This unit explores the related practices of art criticism
and curatorship and their role in communicating art to
its publics. It offers a brief history of
criticism/curatorship and critical/curatorial
approaches, an assessment of reviews, including
those of local exhibitions in Melbourne, and
considerations of the theoretical underpinnings of
critical reception. Students are invited to explore how
they might themselves participate in the production of
visual critique in the form of exhibition reviews,
catalogue essays, curatorial statements, artist
statements and so forth.

['Have a critical perspective of the selection of the
voice, motives and bias of art critics and criticism;',
'Appreciate criticism as a genre of writing, with the
unique cultural and practical contingencies acting
upon it, and understand the variety of art writing which
it comprises;', 'Understand the role of the curator as
having a creative, political and active part in the
production, mediation and dissemination of
contemporary art;', 'Identify and understand the
developments specific to the rise of curator as an
important cultural commentator, and the
contemporary challenges faced by art criticism;',
'Have developed their ability to think creatively and
express their ideas clearly in written communication.']

VPR3012

This unit is the last and culminating unit in the Visual
Practices sequence and is second of the two third
year units. In this unit emphasis is placed on
independent cultural research and its relation to a
broader collaborative or group context in the public
realm. Students develop a creative, expressive and
critical project that utilises advanced conceptualisation
and material manipulation, engaging with the artwork
as part of a chain of production, reception, distribution
and publics. Students develop individual programs in
conjunction with the lecturers that reflect their evolving
cultural practice and professional direction. The
program focuses on clear articulation of concepts and
their publication in the written form as a supplement to
the student's Visual Practice. Detailed analysis and
discussion of students' work takes place primarily
through personal tuition with lecturers, peer-based
critique and experimenting with various modes of
public presentation. This unit provides a stimulating
and supportive environment through the introduction
of a supervised studio and bridges this to independent
professional practice in the broader arts arena. This
unit contextualises individual practice within various
public platforms that require different modes of group
and/or collaborative modes of engagement. The work
produced culminates in an end of year exhibition of a
professional standard, preparing students for entry
into the professional world as cultural producer in
broad array of Visual Arts disciplines, or the pursuit of
further studies at a higher level.

['Compose a self-directed and coherent work plan that
addresses advanced research in their field of
enquiry;', 'Demonstrate advanced knowledge and
skills in techniques, materials and logistics in relation
to their production in accordance to questions that
emerge out their cultural research;', 'Critically explore
the developmental phase of their research through an
advanced engagement in observation, analysis and
experimentation;', 'Justify through the creative use
and presentation of writing a position in relation to the
historical, theoretical and artistic fields their own
cultural production sits in;', 'Demonstrate a
sophisticated ability to contextualise their cultural
practice and the work of others within a curatorial and
collaborative rationale in various professional public
platforms;', 'Demonstrate the knowledge and ability to
achieve safe and sustainable working practices within
the studio environment and to independently initiate
OHS&E; procedures in accordance to their respective
work practices.']

AZA3432

The main objective of this unit is to study and acquire
theory and practice of communication in multicultural
organisations. The unit begins with an introduction to
broad principles of organisational communication and
considers diverse perspectives and approaches to
organisations and communication. Students will be
introduced to organisational communication
processes, components, influences and interventions.
Topics of cultural and gender diversity, interpersonal
skills, organisational change and development,
globalisation and ethical conduct will be addressed.

['Identify and assess diverse theories of organisational
communication.\n\nIdentify and evaluate management
approaches and their effects on organisational
communication.\n', 'Identify and evaluate
management approaches and their effects on
organisational communication.', 'Comprehend and
evaluate the implications of specific processes,
constructs and elements of organisational
communication in terms of:\n\nRoles and
functions\nOrganisation structure\nOrganisation
culture\n', 'Roles and functions', 'Organisation
structure', 'Organisation culture', 'Identify and apply
interpersonal communication skills needed in an
organization.', 'Appreciate and be sensitized to gender
and cultural diversity in an organisational context.',
'Describe organisational and individual change.',
'Explain organisational development\n\nApply
communication intervention techniques.\n', 'Apply
communication intervention techniques.', 'Practice
ethical behaviour in organisational and cultural
contexts.', 'To identify elements and causes of
dysfunctional organisational communication\n\nApply
methods of conflict resolution.\n', 'Apply methods of
conflict resolution.', 'Identify and evaluate the impact
and effects of globalisation on organisational
communication.']

LAW4228

The unit is a problem based seminar where students
simulate a team of lawyers acting on a complex
project, requiring them to consider the interplay
between legal systems and discrete areas of
substantive and procedural law. The seminars involve
discussion and simulations. The lecturer will provide
background lecturing and information on key areas,
but the essence of the unit is student centred learning.
Students will be broken into groups to undertake the
research, engage in discussions and report back to
the seminar as they would in legal practice when
assisting an employer in an activity such as this.

['identifying relevant areas of law,', 'researching and
reporting on appropriate areas of law,', 'integrating
questions of evidence, procedure and substantive
law,', 'considering the relevance of international and
comparative perspectives and determining how to
prioritize and integrate differing legal norms,']

MPH5253

Public health consequences of complex humanitarian
emergencies involving armed conflict, population
displacement, food scarcity and an outline of the
critical public health interventions in these settings.

['analyse the casual factors of public health
emergencies related to conflict and population
displacement;', 'identify the major public health and
nutrition priorities in humanitarian crises;', 'develop
relevant public health assessment and response skills
in emergency settings;', 'recognise the need for a
multisectoral approach to reducing the health impact
of emergencies.']

NUR3004

This clinical unit focuses on the preparation of the
student for the transition to practice as a professional
nurse. The emphasis of the unit will be grounded in
the philosophy of adult learning encouraging the
student to be self-directed in the identification of their
learning needs. In preparing for practice the unit will
examine the management of self and others,
organizational structures within healthcare practice,
evaluation of leadership, teamwork, risk management
and multidisciplinary decision making.

['apply the principles of adult learning to identify their
specific learning needs;', 'evaluate the contribution of
leadership, management, teamwork and
interdisciplinary collaboration in the provision of
quality nursing care;', 'analyse a range of problem
solving and time management strategies that enhance
the organization of clinical workload;', 'incorporate,
and evaluate culturally and ethically relevant and age
specific nursing interventions for clients across the
lifespan;', "reflect critically, on their own actions,
professional role development and on the nature of
nursing practice in relation to the management of
clients' health situations;", 'demonstrate the ability to
apply time management and problem solving skills in
the delivery of client care; and', 'practice with
increasing independence at a beginning registered
nurse level in accordance with the Australian Nursing
and Midwifery Council (ANMAC) competencies.']

CDS2531

Illustration for Animation explores the role of
illustration and related image-making within the
animation industry. Students will be exposed to the
processes and techniques illustrators use in the
production of animatics, the process of turning written
narrative into a sequential visual format. Students will
become competent in the creation of storyboards, and
understand the principles of editing and composition
in the construction of an animated narrative.

['Examine the role illustration plays in the animation
industry, through the critical analysis of contemporary
and historical works;', 'Create a storyboard to translate
written narrative into a sequential visual format;',
'Construct an animated narrative using the principles
of editing and composition;', 'Employ image
transitions, dialogue, sound effects, music, dissolves,
zooms, pans and other production processes used in
the construction of animatics;', 'Design characters for
animated story-telling and apply principles to evoke
emotion, action and dialogue;', 'Understand and apply
the rules of occupational health and safety appropriate
to the discipline practice.']

AHT2025

This unit concentrates on the artist's body in art,
including photography, performance, painting,
sculpture, video and multi-media art. It will consider
examples from the history of 20th century art but will
focus primarily on art practice since 1960. The unit will
deal with issues of identity, gender, sexuality and
difference, drawing on performative theories of
subjectivity. It will look closely at experimental art
practices and how these practices have sought to
close the gap between art and life; from the
Happenings of the 1960s, through the body art of the
1960s and 70s, to relational aesthetics, and flash mob
performance works in the 2000s. The unit will
investigate live action in contrast to represented
action, and will consider the live action and its
remediation in video, digital art and film.

['Have developed a detailed understanding of
contemporary, experimental art and performance
practice which centres on the body;', 'Have developed
a working knowledge of the key debates and
theoretical dialogues that have occupied artists and
critics in relation to performativity in art;', 'Have
developed skills in visual and critical analysis that can
be applied to the investigation of the body and its
performativity in art;', 'Have acquired the ability to
research and write from an informed position about
the body in contemporary art.']

AMU2450

The unit examines various competing theories that
have been developed to analyse changing media
technologies and societal change. Topics include
idealist and materialist notions of culture, agency and
structure, identity formation and power.

['recognise, identify and describe the assumptions and
arguments making up the theoretical approaches
introduced in the unit;', 'evaluate the strengths and
weaknesses of different approaches to media and
communication theory;', 'analyse different media and
media industries by applying different theoretical
approaches.']

TRC4802

This unit provides the discipline basis for applications
in energy, power and motive force where fluids are
involved. It also provides a basic level of knowledge
and problem solving capability in heat transfer. These
disciplines are central to mechanical engineering and,
as a consequence, are essential knowledge for
mechatronic engineers whose designs usually have
mechanical elements.

['Calculate hydrodynamic forces on/in static fluids or
those in rigid body motion.', 'Analyse thermodynamic
systems using concepts of thermo-fluid properties,
systems and control volumes.', 'Analyse performance
and characteristic of thermodynamic processes and
cycles.', 'Calculate heat transfer rate for different
systems (conduction, convection and radiation).',
'Calculate forces in moving fluids (internal & external
flow).']

PGW5203

One of the principles of wound management is the
maintenance of a physiologic wound environment to
optimise each patient's wound healing potential. This
involves preventing and managing infection, cleansing
the wound, removable of nonviable tissue, maintaining
moisture balance, controlling odour, protecting the
wound and periwound area and eliminating or
minimising pain. This unit will explore how these can
be achieved using wound dressing products and
technologies as well as alternative/adjunctive
therapies.

['Formulate a wound care management plan
incorporating skin and wound assessment to guide
selection of appropriate products or technologies.',
'Critically review wound dressings and technologies
describing their properties and place in therapy.',
'Evaluate the role of debridement in wound bed
preparation.', 'Critically appraise adjunctive/alternative
therapies used in wound care, including suggested
mode of action and level of evidence to support use.',
'Communicate effectively with patients to improve
concordance with wound care management plans.']

ATS3487

The unit is designed to introduce students to a range
of eighteenth-century English texts that employ and
explore irrationality, emotionalism and the
supernatural. The unit considers why and how an era
that championed Enlightenment values (such as
scepticism, rationality and restraint) also gave rise to
gothic, horror and supernatural literature, a literature
of unrestrained emotionalism, morbid and fantastic
speculation, and irrational themes.

['Read and interpret eighteenth-century English verse
and prose with ease and pleasure.', 'Locate and
recognise, contextualise and analyse, critique and
formulate hypotheses about, a range of
eighteenth-century texts.', 'Locate, reflect on and
synthesize information relevant to the interpretation of
eighteenth-century English texts and engage in
creative and original thinking regarding those texts.',
'Articulate their interpretations clearly and
persuasively in oral and essay form, organising and
synthesising their ideas into clear, coherent, logical
and persuasive arguments.']

ATS2187

The Video Lab is a multi-disciplinary learning
environment where students from the different
specialisations in the Bachelor of Media
Communication come together to explore new
technologies, skills and practices in video media.
Students will devise a video research project that tests
the capabilities of new video technologies and explore
applications across different media platforms. The lab
fosters creativity and experimentation in media
production while also developing professional skills in
collaboration and adaptability.

['identify and discuss the communicative and creative
role of video in contemporary media environments;',
'display proficiency in a variety of video techniques,
skills and practices;', 'work reflectively, independently
and collaboratively with peers to conceptualize and
design a video project;', 'apply video making skills in
media production that critically reflects on the evolving
technologies and practices of video.']

ATS2354

The unit focuses on theories of race and issues of
ethnicity, prejudice and racism, with particular
emphasis on the continuities and discontinuities of
discourses on 'race' in Australia; language use in a
multicultural context; the uses of opinion polls; the
representation of Indigenous people in the media and
other forms of popular culture; multiculturalism and
Indigenous people. The value of an interdisciplinary
approach to these topics is highlighted.

['the relationship between Indigenous Australians and
social institutions', 'how theories of race and
experiences of racism continue to impact upon
Indigenous people;', 'in addition engaged with issues
of research and research methodologies in relation to
racism and prejudice in contemporary Australia.']

MKZ5955

Marketing activities undertaken by organisations;
value exchange concepts and processes; the
marketing concept from a strategic and applied
perspective; development of corporate and marketing
strategic plans; analysis of an organisation's SBUs,
product strategies and product development; use of
marketing decision making tools at an applied and
strategic level; distribution, pricing and communication
mix strategies; services marketing, individual and
organisational buyer behaviour, marketing research
and market analysis; marketing management,
implementation and control processes and
procedures with emphasis on international aspects of
marketing and consumer behaviour.

['examine the concepts and theories of marketing and
apply them to an international context', 'analyse,
evaluate, and interpret complex and sometimes
contradictory marketing phenomena in an
international context', 'apply the basic techniques and
tools of marketing management to local and
international environments', 'examine the scope and
role of the marketing function and its relationship to
organisational strategies and critically evaluate how
functional marketing plans can be developed and
implemented', 'compare and contrast various
marketing theories and practices and develop
recommendations for strategic action.']

ATS3224

In this unit, students will examine key aspects of
criminal justice response to gendered violence and
relevant changes in policing and courts. Students will
identify a specific area for sustained investigation.
Focused on this area, students will undertake a
targeted review of the relevant criminological
academic literature and complete an independent
research exercise. This research will be supervised by
the Unit Coordinator with input from other staff as
appropriate.

['analyse and explain criminal justice responses to
gendered family violence;', 'engage with a variety of
critical and theoretical debates focused on legal
responses to family violence;', 'identify and critically
evaluate the extant literature about this issue;',
'differentiate and appraise a range of methodological
approaches that have been used to police family
violence;', 'communicate in both oral and written
formats about this issue;', 'devise, prepare and
complete a research project.']

FIT5120

This industry experience studio project capstone unit
gives students the opportunity to work in teams to
research contemporary approaches to developing a
defined project, develop new skills and apply the
knowledge and skills they have already gained in a
practical setting.

['critically analyse complex information relevant to an
advanced specialist domain and identify information
requirements interpreting how they may be of benefit
to an organisation or a community;', 'analyse how
specialist domain projects are developed and evaluate
the underlying principles and reasons underpinning
each aspect of the development process, proposing
the need for and then using, a context ?driven
methodological approach to deliver;', 'differentiate and
synthesise the interrelated roles and responsibilities of
all stakeholders of a project and assess and analyse
why these roles are important for a successful
project;', 'apply, in an industry standard setting, new
concepts as well as aspects of theoretical approaches
already learned, selecting the most appropriate fit for
a specific situation and the rationale for that selection
applying investigative research;', 'demonstrate
discernment and judgment in effective two-way
communication to all stakeholders/audiences, both
specialist and generalist, by using innovative, relevant
and meaningful mechanisms to disseminate
knowledge and ideas;', 'contrast and apply the most
suitable professional practice skills on issues relevant
to the chosen area of practice and operate effectively
as a member of that practice team;', 'evaluate, assess
and communicate both personal and team progress
and learning, thus engaging in meaningful reflective
practice of one?s self and the outcomes and process
of the projects.']

FIT3098

This unit introduces students to a critical
understanding of the impact of information and
communications technology (ICT) within
contemporary social relations. In particular, the unit
explores the ways in which the diffusion of ICT has
reshaped thinking and practice within the workplace,
communities, and society more broadly. Particular
emphasis is placed upon the relationship between
human activity and technology, the various ways in
which the latter might replace or augment the former,
and the consequences that might follow from such
changes.

['explain the social impact of information and
communications technology (ICT) upon activities in
the workplace, communities, and society;', 'recognise
the contemporary debates concerning the changing
role of ICT within the workplace, communities, and
society;', 'identify social informatics as a
problem-oriented discipline;', 'analyse and critique
discussions of the social impact of ICT.']

FST3830

Functional foods have emerged in the 21st century as
a multi-billion dollar industry. The unit provides an
overview of the scientific basis of functional foods
throughout the human lifespan. Inter-relationships
between the validity and proofing of health claims,
legislation, safety and advertising strategies will be
examined in the context of preventing or delaying
onset of health disorders, and providing health
benefits for specific disorders/diseases based on
available epidemiological information. The unit will
provide students with the opportunity to use this
information with a view to developing research
opportunities and novel products in the burgeoning
global functional food market by linking existing
knowledge with recent advances in biotechnology.

['Demonstrate an understanding of the scientific basis
for functional foods in promoting health benefits;',
'Justify a role for functional foods in the prevention
and/or delay of onset of specific health disorders or
disease syndromes;', 'Describe market and social
drivers that determine the development, growth and
expansion opportunities of functional foods in a global
environment;', 'Obtain evidence-based information on
the safety and efficacy of functional foods;', 'Evaluate
experimental data obtained from the scientific
literature and epidemiological sources as a basis to
generate ideas for further research and investigation;',
'Critically evaluate current literature relating to
innovation and development as well as marketing of
novel functional foods within the requirements of a
global legislative framework;', 'Demonstrate advanced
scientific report writing and oral presentation skills.']

MKF5505

This unit will examine marketing activities undertaken
by organisations with a special emphasis on the
healthcare industry. It provides an introduction of
marketing concepts and techniques covering aspects
like value exchange, development of corporate and
marketing strategic plans, product and service
development, the use of marketing decision making
tools and fundamentals of consumer behaviour.

['examine the concepts and theories of marketing and
apply them to health administration and healthcare',
'apply key techniques and tools of marketing
management to healthcare environment', 'examine
the scope and role of the marketing function and its
relationship to organisational strategies and critically
evaluate how functional marketing plans can be
developed and implemented in the healthcare
context', 'assess the marketing challenges facing firms
in a more competitive global market place.']

LAW4252

This unit aims to provide students with a basic
understanding of Chinese legal institutions. There will
be focus not just on the law itself, but also on matters
of legal culture, politics, economics, institutional
design, and other matters that effect the development
and operation of the law. In addition, by way of
specific examples, the unit examines contract law and
company law in China in some detail. This will be of
particular interest for students who wish to understand
Chinese law for the purposes of trade and cooperation
with Chinese enterprises.

['Apply a knowledge and understanding of
fundamental issues in Chinese law so as to advise on
simple specific legal problems and more broadly on
matters of general policy ;', 'Investigate, analyse, and
synthesise complex information, concepts and
theories in relation to Chinese law and policy',
'Conduct research into the Chinese legal system to
develop understandings of key issues, likely future
directions, and current and emerging difficulties and
problems;', 'Examine the concept of law as serving a
political function as an instrument of policy, and law as
being implemented, through executive and
administrative fiats and action, with courts acting in a
facilitative role.']

ATS2171

This unit is designed for students with no or little
knowledge of the Korean language to build a
foundation in their basic knowledge of the Korean
language and culture. Students will be introduced to
contemporary Korean, with special emphasis on
spoken usage for everyday situations. Students will
also be introduced to a general overview and
understanding of modern Korean history, culture and
society.

['Participate in simple social conversations in Korean',
"Use basic 'survival' Korean for traveling in Korea",
'Communicate basic information about themselves
and family members', 'Read and write simple Korean',
'Demonstrate a basic understanding of Korean culture
and society, through theoretical frameworks', 'Develop
a critical awareness of various issues arising in the
globalised world, including rapid changes in current
and future work places']

ATS3136

This unit develops advanced music technical skills by
studying technically-focused repertoire drawn from the
literature of the student's principal instrument or voice.
The choice of repertoire presented should be of
greater complexity and difficulty than that studied in
ATS2122 Performance 3 and ATS2123 Performance
4.

['Utilise advanced instrumental/vocal technique.',
'Perform technical work and repertoire with extended
control of rhythm, accuracy, articulation, tone quality
and intonation (if applicable).', 'Prepare complex
technical work, etudes and vocal/instrumental
literature demonstrating knowledge of an extended
relevant repertoire, especially that which is technical
in emphasis.', 'Demonstrate musicianship with
sophistication of phrasing, dynamic control and
general expression.', 'Perform effectively in a
chosen/approved ensemble and show performance
practice awareness.', 'Demonstrate perceptive music
listening skills and informed peer reviewing skills
through verbal critiques.']

AHT3109

A 'survey' of visual arts in Australia from colonisation
to contemporary contexts. Historical and social
perspectives in the development of painting,
sculpture, printmaking, photography and film,
architecture and design. Representation and
subjectivity, cultural identity, nationalism and
nationhood, ethnicity and gender. Issues of
mainstream and marginality; notions of the 'centre'
and regionalism, Australia's relationship to Europe
and European art generally, and the notion of
landscape as a shaper of national identity.

['Recognise the range of visual practices that have
operated within Australian culture from both an
historical and contemporary perspective;',
'Understand the significance and ideological uses of
Australian visual practices in constructing notions of
national identity;', 'Have a post-colonial perspective in
contextualizing the historical and social developments
of Australian visual culture;', 'Critically discuss the
cultural practices of Australian artists and designers,
in historical, artistic, ideological and socio-political
contexts, and theorise the basis for the
marginalisation of certain individuals and groups;', "Be
aware of the problematical nature of Australian artistic
practices especially in terms of the local
artist/designer's position within both regional and
international contexts."]

ATS2295

Europe is the birthplace of cinema, and from the silent
era through to Italian neo-realism, to the new waves of
the 1960s and 70s, European cinema changed the
way we see and know the world. In this unit we trace
the development of European cinema after the fall of
the Berlin Wall and into the 21st century, asking three
key questions: How have the changing boundaries
and social crises in Europe in the post-Berlin Wall era
impacted on cinema? What distinguishes European
cinema from others in the global era? Can the cinema
still be an appropriate media for reflecting cultures,
identity and social change? We will study some of
Europe's most influential contemporary films and
documentaries. We will examine the tension between
the rise of transnational European 'blockbuster'
cinema, designed to compete with Hollywood, and
traditional European art house filmmaking. We will
consider the long-standing relationship between
European cinema and the European tradition of film
festivals. We will address issues of language,
translation and subtitling. And we will also look at
political and social implications of important emergent
cinemas from this period, including a proliferation of
immigrant films that are challenging traditional
conceptions of European space and identity. Students
will be introduced to films from a range of countries,
including France, Belgium, Italy, Germany, Hungary
and Spain.

['an understanding of the role cinema plays in
contemporary European societies;', 'an ability to apply
relevant cinema and cultural studies concepts;',
"familiarity with some of Europe's most influential films
and documentaries;", 'skills in the formulation,
structuring and written presentation of scholarly
analysis of European film and documentaries;', 'skills
in cross-cultural competency and team work through
contribution to collaborative projects and on-line sites
of learning.']

ATS2337

In this unit we examine the art, architecture, burials
and beliefs of two important pre-classical Aegean
cultures, the Minoans of Crete and the Mycenaeans of
mainland Greece. We study the labyrinthine palaces
of the Minoans, the frescos and houses of the island
culture of ancient Thera, and the rich burials and city
states of Mycenaean Greece to discover what this
material evidence reveals about social and economic
organisation, ritual practice and thriving trade and
exchange. Students are introduced to emerging
techniques in archaeological research as we consider
how these methods have influenced our interpretation
of Minoan and Mycenaean culture. We explore the
role of later Greek mythologies and epic poems,
including Homer's Iliad, in shaping our interpretation
of these Aegean societies and examine the reliability
of their portrayal. Contemporary evidence from Egypt
and the eastern Mediterranean is examined, to
understand the wider world of the Minoans and
Mycenaeans, alongside the study of the great city of
Troy.

['identify the major features of Minoan and Mycenaean
societies, their interaction with each other and
contemporary societies;', 'evaluate the methods of
archaeological interpretation used to reconstruct the
nature of these societies and the challenges posed in
this;', 'critically appraise archaeological reports and
interpretations;', 'discuss current archaeological
methodologies and their application in the Aegean
context;', 'assess how interpretation can be affected
by the conditioning of the excavator/historian;',
'evaluate the use of textual sources and
archaeological evidence to aid the reconstruction of
ancient societies, focussing on the Minoan and
Mycenaean cultures.']

ATS2159

The unit enables students to record and produce
music in live studio and computer-based
environments. By recording solo and group
performances, students learn about music production,
editing, mixing and mastering techniques, as well as
how to publish music recordings in variety of different
formats (for example, CD, vinyl and digital).

['Understand essential microphone types and
placement;', 'Record live audio to a digital audio
workstation and analogue tape;', 'Compose music
using a digital audio workstation;', 'Demonstrate
knowledge of digital signal processing effects;', 'Mix
and master a finished recording or composition;',
'Prepare recordings or compositions for CD, vinyl and
digital formats.']

APG5782

The unit will provide students with a detailed
understanding of the professional activities of film
festivals, including programming, marketing, and daily
operations. Students will also learn about the history
and cultural imperatives of film festivals and how they
operate within local and global environments. Where
possible students will be given an opportunity to
attend a screening program, seminar, lecture or
information component associated with a local film
festival. In groups, students will also plan and present
ideas for their own film festival.

['explain the professional activities and issues
involved in the running of a film festival or screening
program;', 'evaluate the aims and modus operandi of
selected case studies of local and international film
festivals;', 'apply theoretical and critical skills to
practical tasks in the running of a film festival;',
'independently research and produce a piece of
critical writing, such as a festival report, review or
opinion piece.']

ATS3164

The unit will explore a selection of fiction and
non-fiction texts that treat Italy as a site for
transformations of the self. These self-discoveries are
usually cast as positive but are on occasion of a more
unsettling or disturbing kind. The unit will investigate
why Italy has been a key site of renewal and 'undoing'
in literature and will track the changes in the way such
transformations of the self have been achieved. It will
also account for the popularity of such narratives with
readers past and present. In this unit there will be an
emphasis on 'geo-located' reading experiences and
writing exercises. For this reason there will be a
particular focus on 'Tuscan transformations'; we will
visit the actual sites and scenes of our texts and there
will also be regular in situ writing excursions in Prato
and surrounds.

['Demonstrate an understanding of the representation
of Italy generally (and Tuscany in particular) as a site
of personal transformation in range of texts.', 'Critically
describe the diverse history of cultural investments in
Italy as an agent of personal transformation for
non-Italian writers.', 'Produce a piece of Creative
Writing, either fiction or non-fiction, that explores the
transformational potential of Italy.', 'Appreciate and
articulate the relationships between environment,
literary criticism and creative practice.']

BPS2021

The ability to make or modify small molecules and to
confirm their identity is fundamental to the drug
discovery and development process. Synthetic
Chemistry I: Structure and Reactivity introduces
students to the theoretical principles and practical
tools of chemical synthesis, including key analytical
techniques (such as NMR and mass spectroscopy)
used to structurally elucidate organic compounds. The
unit takes a functional group approach to examine the
structure of organic molecules and their potential to
interact and react with other molecules, an approach
that is highly relevant not only to synthetic
applications, but also more generally to drug design,
drug-target interactions and drug formulation.

['Analyse the chemical structure of pharmaceutical
compounds in regard to their properties (steric,
electronic, acid-base) and their reactivity using a
functional group approach.', 'Formulate basic reaction
mechanisms using the arrow-pushing formalism.',
'Apply kinetic and thermodynamic principles to
rationalise basic reaction pathways.', 'Safely and
competently perform a basic chemical synthesis,
including product purification and collection of
analytical data to characterise the product.', 'Describe
the physical basis of selected spectroscopic
techniques (primarily mass spectrometry and nuclear
magnetic resonance) and explain their role in the
identification of drug molecules.', 'Systematically
analyse, report and interpret spectroscopic data to
characterise small molecule synthesis products.',
'Clearly and accurately discuss and evaluate
experimental data in a written laboratory report
format.']

FIT5090

This unit provides students with a critical
understanding of the impact of information technology
(IT) within contemporary social relations. Using case
studies drawn from different social spheres, the unit
explores the ways in which the diffusion of IT has
reshaped thinking and practice concerning social
collaboration, the production of knowledge and
community building. Particular attention is paid to the
emerging field of community informatics, and the
implications that this field holds for the work of
information and knowledge management
professionals

['analyse the nature and operation of information
communities within contemporary society;', 'evaluate
community informatics as an emerging discipline and
professional practice;', 'assess contemporary debates
concerning the social impact of information technology
use;', 'distinguish the collaborative behaviours and
interdependencies which contribute to notions of
community;', 'analyse and critique cases from the
information industry.']

TRC4000

The aim of this capstone unit is to provide an
opportunity for students to undertake a substantial
individual or small group project. In order complete the
project studies from earlier stages of the course will
be integrated into a complete design/build/test task, a
computer modelling or simulation task or a
combination of both. It is envisaged that the project
may involve design of mechanical components,
sensing, actuation and computing elements, a
simulated model or similar. Before work is started on
the project a safety induction and/or risk assessment
process will be completed. The student will also
complete a research proposal or requirements
analysis to ensure that the scope and expected
outcomes of the project are agreed between student
and supervisor. A progress report and a progress
presentation at the end of the semester will give a
detailed account of progress and a research plan for
the next semester.

['Generate a research plan based on scientific
methodologies and risk assessments.', 'Manage a
research project effectively within technical,
budgetary, risk and time constraints.', 'Research an
extensive review of relevant scientific literature and
critically analyse its relevance to the project work
being proposed.', 'Utilise data acquisition tools, data
analysis and other technological tools effectively in
design, research and experimental activities.',
'Generate project findings via written reports and oral
presentation to a range of audiences in a professional
manner.']

SRH5001

This unit is an introduction to health care research.

['Discriminate between research methods and
determine their applicability to health care research',
'Formulate research questions that are congruent with
differing research methodologies', 'Develop a
research project that will answer and is methodically
congruent with the research question', 'Analyse and
critique research reports related to health care',
'Implement a literature search strategy']

PHH2022

This unit will explore how individual and population
experiences of health are shaped by culture and
society. The unit draws on key sociological and
anthropological theories and concepts to reveal
explanations for health in respect of larger
socio-cultural realities and political processes.
Students will be encouraged to foster skills in critical
deconstruction of Western representations of culture
to arrive at an appreciation of various 'ways of
knowing', including Indigenous scholarship. There will
be a focus on global health and in particular,
Indigenous people, place, culture and health.

['Apply key principles of sociological and
anthropological thought to the lived experience of
individuals and populations.', 'Apply the themes
associated with the sociological imagination to
examine the social production, construction and
organisation of health locally and globally.', 'Apply
sociological theories as analytical tools to critically
examine cultural, social, political and economic factors
influencing health.', 'Critically examine and evaluate
aspects of culture and society with which they are
familiar (as well as historical representations) in order
to extend their understanding of the socio-cultural
structures, institutions and processes relevant to
health globally.']

EAE3342

The biochemical cycling of elemental nutrients
controls earth's climate, the health of ecosystems and
the sustainability of human societies. This unit
explores how environmental cycling of the elements
(1) shapes the nature of earth's surface (2) sustains
our living planet and (3) may be managed to solve
environmental and industrial challenges. Topics
including earth's major nutrient cycles, anthropogenic
cycling of commodity elements, and the influence of
mineral-microbe interactions on environmental cycles
will be covered in detail and applied to pressing, real
world problems in contaminant mitigation and
sustainable stewardship of natural systems.

["Understand the processes that underpin earth's
major nutrient (ie. C, N, P and S) cycles.",
'Comprehend the importance of metal cycling in the
earth system.', 'Understand the roles of
microorganisms and minerals in environmental
cycles.', 'Understand how anthropogenic influence on
environment cycles can either cause pollution or be
used to remediate it.', 'Use geochemical tracer
methods to identify sources and sinks for elements in
natural and contaminated systems.', 'Analyse and
interpret geochemical datasets from natural and
contaminated environments.']

APG5590

The unit provides an introduction to political Islam as a
social and political force in the contemporary world. It
examines conflicting definitions of political Islam;
debates on its compatibility with democracy; its
intellectual, social and historical roots; its relationship
to violence and its implications for international
relations and world order. These themes are explored
via number of case studies illuminating the complexity
of Islamic cultures, differences between various
Islamic organizations, ideologies and traditions. The
unit also looks at the response of various Islamic
traditions to broader issues posed by the modern
world such as colonialism, nationalism, secularism,
feminism and globalisation.

['discuss the core ideas and actors engaged in
political Islam;', 'analyse the diverse roles Islam plays
in local and global politics;', 'evaluate the role political
Islam plays in international relations;', 'work effectively
with, critically respond to, and constructively assess
the work of others;', 'express ideas verbally in group
situations and in-class presentations;', 'utilise
research skills in the study of Islam.']

MKX3631

This unit aims to give students first-hand experience
of working in an industry in which they would like to be
employed on graduation. Internships are designed to
provide students with an opportunity to integrate
marketing theory with business practice. Separate
internship programs are drawn up for each student

['critically analyse a marketing activity', 'evaluate the
impact of a specific marketing theory within a
business context', 'evaluate the experience of working
within an organisation', 'communicate clearly and
effectively with both business and academic
stakeholders.']

EAE4220

The unit represents the Honours coursework program
for the School of Earth, Atmosphere, and Environment
and will consist of a series of short courses, a seminar
and a theoretical literature review.

['NA']

ATS3089

This unit examines social institutions as sites for the
exercise of power among individuals, organisations
and states in Asia. Institutions such as education, law,
family, mass media, religion and business are
examined from a variety of disciplinary perspectives,
using contemporary case studies drawn from across
the Asian region. The unit explores how policy,
discourse and practice surrounding social institutions
shape and are shaped by individual action, and how
the study of social institutions can enrich
understanding of the cultures.

['Identify the key contemporary social institutions in a
variety of local, national and transnational contexts in
Asia;', 'Demonstrate a critical understanding of the key
changes in social organisation and lifestyles in Asia
today, and the regional and global dimensions of
these changes;', 'Apply a range of disciplinary
approaches to analyse major contemporary issues in
Asian societies;', 'Employ appropriate strategies for
communicating the findings of analysis to a range of
audiences and stakeholders;', 'Reflect on the
relevance of Asian experiences of social change to
other national and individual circumstances;',
'Understand how cultural context affects the dynamics
of individual and group empowerment in Asian
societies, and communicate that understanding to
others;', 'Read critically and engage with existing
research, with the potential to facilitate life-long
learning;', 'Demonstrate independent research skills
including enquiry techniques, critical thinking, and
advanced skills of oral and written communication.']

APG5428

This unit explores social and institutional frameworks
for environmental governance. It considers the role,
structure and processes of government, market and
civil society in relation to the environment and
sustainability agenda. The emphasis is on exploring
the nature of contemporary environmental
governance, evaluating the assumptions on which it is
based, and taking a critically informed view of its
strengths and limitations. We will feature case studies
e.g. waste management, climate change, water
management, where multiple agencies and
organisations work within a complex environmental
system to implement a range of interesting and
innovative approaches to environmental governance.

['An appreciation of the theoretical understandings of
the shift from government to governance in respect of
the environment and sustainability.', 'An
understanding of the role of government, markets and
civil society in relation to the environment and
sustainability.', 'Familiarity with the mechanisms of
command-and-control regulation, the use of market
mechanisms, citizen empowerment and community
participation.', 'A critical awareness of the issues
surrounding contemporary forms and styles of
environmental governance.', 'Familiarity with the
principles and practice of citizen advocacy.']

RAD5111

This unit builds upon the first in a series of two
advanced CT radiography practice units that
incorporate clinical experience with evidence informed
research into modern multislice CT

['Critically evaluate aspects of scanner design,
techniques and protocols for imaging for the paediatric
patient in an adult medical imaging setting.', 'Apply the
principles of CT radiation dose, including CTDI, DLP
and effective dose and implement potential dose
minimisation techniques/strategies in clinical CT
practice in relation to CAD CT, cardiac\nstudies,
paediatric CT, Dual Energy CT and musculoskeletal
CT', 'Inform the inter-professional health care team of
risks and benefits associated with radiographic
contrast media in paediatric, trauma, cardiac and Dual
Energy CT examinations.', 'Implement evidence
based CT imaging protocols for trauma, lung analysis,
cardiac studies and musculo-skeletal examinations
taking into account intravenous contrast requirement,
clinical indications, patient care, healthcare resources
and inter-professional collaboration.', 'Produce and
critically evaluate high quality diagnostic multi-planar
and 3D images from cardiac, and musculo-skeletal
studies through the competent use of advanced
workstations.', 'Communicate the CT appearances of
common musculo-skeletal and lung\ndisorders.']

FIT3047

In their final year of study, students are given the
opportunity to develop new skills and apply the
knowledge and skills they have gained, in the
development of an IT application for a real world
client. In teams, students design, develop and deliver
an IT applications for a client, manage the project
through all its development stages, communicate
effectively with all project stakeholders and develop
project documentation to a professional standard.
Students also present their project work to academics
and other groups, attend unit seminars, and contribute
in a professional and committed manner to the work of
their team.

['explain how IT applications are developed, including
all aspects of the development process;', 'explain the
roles and responsibilities of clients, system users,
management and developers in a development
project;', 'apply, in a practical setting, aspects of the
theoretical work covered in their course;', 'develop an
IT application using a prescribed methodology,
conducting all activities associated with the
development methodology;', 'work with clients or client
representatives, communicating effectively with them
to meet their requirements;', 'operate effectively as a
member of a development team;', 'evaluate, assess
and communicate both personal and team progress
and learning, thus engaging in meaningful reflective
practice.']

PSY5105

The aim of this unit is to ensure that students are
familiar with disorders that occur during childhood and
adolescence. Diagnosis and classification, aetiology
of the major disorders occurring in childhood and
adolescence, as well as the major forms of treatment
and management based on recent research will be
covered. Various disorders will be examined including
autism, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, anxiety
disorders, and depression. Students will be expected
to develop competence in the application of diagnostic
classification systems to children but also will be
encouraged to critically evaluate such systems and be
aware of their limitations in paediatric populations. A
component of this unit will be devoted to formal
psychological, especially cognitive, assessment of
children and adolescents. Although the major focus of
this unit will be on the identification and assessment of
disorders and assessment of cognitive abilities in
children, the use of various treatment modalities with
children, adolescents, and their families will also be
discussed with an emphasis on cognitive behavioural
approaches. The final sessions of this unit will focus
on clinical developmental issues later in life.

['Understand the diagnosis, classification, and
aetiology of the major disorders occurring in childhood
and adolescence;', 'Understand the principles of
interviewing and assessing children and adolescents;',
'Be competent in the administration of the Wechsler
Intelligence Scale for\nChildren (WISC-IV);', 'Be
familiar with the major forms of treatment and
management based;', 'Be competent in writing a
clinical case formulation for a child presenting with a
clinical developmental disorder; and', 'Understand
clinical developmental issues using a biopsychosocial
frame-work.']

ATS2257

The post-2000 era has seen radical transformations in
the way television is produced, distributed, viewed
and valued. This unit traces the development of one of
the most visible and successful outcomes of these
shifts, global long-form television series that
experiment boldly with complex serial narratives,
self-conscious stylistics and provocative themes and
characters. Areas for discussion include the millennial
industrial developments that enable these series to be
produced, the critical discourses of 'quality' television
that construct their artistic status, the transnational
markets in which they circulate, and the audiences
and fans that give them a cult life beyond the screen.
Through examination of how these systems and
strategies both break with and continue historical
televisual traditions, the unit demonstrates how the
long-form mode of storytelling exemplifies the cultural
form of television as the most vital and influential of
the millennial era.

['critically analyse a range of contemporary long-form
television texts from different national contexts;',
'understand and apply a range of contemporary
theories in television studies;', 'demonstrate an ability
to conduct research and develop a critical argument in
a manner appropriate to second year study;',
'demonstrate skills in providing commentary and
criticism on television texts and readings in classroom
environments.']

PAR5420

This unit introduces students to an advanced level of
knowledge, understanding and skill related to the
intensive care management of patients with chest
pain.

['Explain the epidemiology of cardiac disease',
'Systematically Interpret common ECGs and relate
waveform morphology to the underlying structure and
function of the heart;', 'Formulate appropriate
pharmacotherapeutic regimes using the relevant
drugs available for the intensive care management of
cardiac conditions;', 'Implement knowledge, skills and
evidence based practice to professionally manage a
cardiac emergency as an intensive care paramedic;',
'Assess the benefits of pre-hospital advanced cardiac
life support and the related role of the intensive care
paramedic;', 'Evaluate how community emergency
health practitioners might relate to and coordinate with
coronary care units in the management of patients
with emergency cardiac conditions.']

SCI2015

This unit prepares students for scientific research by
providing practical and theoretical training in planning,
undertaking and documenting scientific research
projects. Students will examine the core elements of
modern science by looking back at the people,
cultures, events and discoveries that allowed science
to emerge and contribute to the establishment of key
concepts such as empiricism, scepticism and
rationalism. This unit will equip students with skills to
assess the validity of scientific information, to
distinguish between real science, bad science and
pseudoscience. The value of science in solving real
world issues and improving the human condition are
discussed using current examples. Students are
exposed to recent advances in current and emerging
research areas through journal presentations.
Students will complete assignments that will help
improve their written and verbal communication to a
range of audiences including scientists, politicians,
granting agencies, the general public and scientifically
literate generalists, and identifies pathways to
becoming a scientific researcher. Students are
encouraged to submit their scientific literature reviews
for publication in Reinvention, a Journal for
Undergraduate Research.

['Carry out a research project to address a research
question on an open topic by accessing and critically
analysing information sourced from primary scientific
literature.', 'Outline how scientific research is
conducted, funded and communicated and identify
pathways for becoming a scientific researcher.',
'Describe the historical origins of science and the
progress of the scientific endeavour.', 'Discuss the
purposes of, and methods behind, effective science
communication and identify how approaches can be
adapted for different audiences.', 'List the ways in
which science is regulated and assess their
effectiveness in promoting ethical professional
practice.']

CHE3172

This unit introduces the foundation concepts of
nanotechnology and nanofabrication, the basic
physics of the solid state, the unique properties of
nanomaterials; characterisation techniques of
materials. This unit also covers polymer synthesis and
characterisation, polymer nanocrystals, functional
polymers such as conductive polymers and block
copolymers, supramolecular structures, and
amphiphilic systems and their applications in
nanofabrication.

['NA']

MDC5230

This unit further develops the students' design skills
within a collaborative environment. Students will
engage in projects of growing complexity that have
multiple approaches and potential outcomes. The
students build upon their prior experience of the
design process to discover, define, create and
demonstrate their design ability in a interdisciplinary
way. They will develop designs to a stage that allows
reflective critical analysis. Students will be expected to
demonstrate a strong capability to resolve and defend
their designs. Students will be encouraged to engage
with topics that drawn from the research agenda of
the Faculty and Department of Design. This enables
the integration of staff research with the educational
aspirations of the unit. Students are therefore exposed
to an advanced knowledge in particular areas, and
areas in which to engage their own growing skill sets.

['Contribute to a collaborative design intervention or
solution that addresses issues of growing complexity;',
'Manage and develop collaborative approaches to
solving design problems;', 'Formulate design
strategies and specifications for outcomes in a
collaborative environment;', 'Articulate the design
production to a sophisticated level of understanding
and skill;', 'Understand and evaluate the efficacy of
their own design concepts;', 'Demonstrate an ability to
communicate and defend their design approach,
methodologies and solutions;', 'Devise solutions to
design problems that respond to advances in
knowledge within the discipline;', 'Observe and
employ occupational health and safety appropriate to
studio practice.']

BTB1010

Liability for defective products; liability for misleading
advice or information; contract law; agency law;
partnership law; introduction to company law;
company officers' duties.

['examine common commercial law scenarios relating
to: the supply of defective goods and services;
contract disputes; misrepresentations; agency
relationships; partnership law; and company law',
'identify legal problems and risks which arise in those
scenarios', 'describe the laws relevant to those
scenarios', 'analyse and apply the laws to predict
possible legal outcomes.']

ATS3247

The unit develops Italian cultural knowledge and
language proficiency through a focus on Italian
historical and contemporary society. Passages from
seminal Italian literary texts as well as other media are
used to understand and critically analyse Italian
society and its transformation in the last century.

['acquire an understanding of historical and cultural
developments of contemporary Italy;', 'analyse
complex issues in Italian society and culture;',
'critically read, assess, and articulate an informed
position regarding Italian cultural and historical texts;',
'consolidate and expand their knowledge of
grammatical concepts, vocabulary and written and
spoken styles in Italian;', 'use an expanded vocabulary
and grammatical knowledge set to listen to,
speak/write and read a range of Italian styles.']

ATS3064

The unit aims to equip students with intercultural skills
which will enable them to effectively engage in global
networks. Introducing students to Cultural Intelligence,
the unit will provide critical tools for intercultural
management, a key competency for studying and
working in transnational environments. Students will
complete guided intercultural interactions in and
outside classroom, in order to produce written
self-reflection on their cultural experience. Regardless
of disciplinary background, activities proposed to
students in this unit (e.g. case studies, role plays,
simulations, reflective journal, online forum) will train
them to efficiently interact with, and to engage in local
and regional environments. Fostering crucial graduate
attributes such as cross-cultural collaboration,
teamwork, cultural awareness and critical thinking,
this unit will enable students to build their profile as
global leaders.

['recognise and explain the key concepts and models
of Intercultural Communication Competences;',
'identify and analyse intercultural differences in
specific multicultural context;', 'appraise and discuss
cross-cultural issues;', 'apply tools and practices to
enhance intercultural sensitivity and adaptability;',
'apply principles of cross- and intercultural
engagement in various contexts.']

ATS1045

This unit develops fundamental music performance
skills by studying repertoire drawn from the literature
of the student's principal instrument or voice. The
choice of repertoire presented should be of greater
complexity and difficulty than that studied in ATS1044
Performance 1.

['utilise fundamental conventions of instrumental/vocal
technique;', 'perform instrumental/vocal repertoire,
demonstrating control of rhythm, articulation, timbre
and intonation (if applicable);', 'prepare chosen works
to demonstrate knowledge of relevant
instrumental/vocal repertoire;', 'demonstrate
musicianship through phrasing, dynamics control and
general expression found in the chosen repertoire;',
'perform competently in a chosen/approved music
ensemble;', 'demonstrate music listening skills
through verbal critiques.']

SWM5101

This unit introduces students to the history and
evolution of the international human rights regime,
current debates about human rights locally, nationally
and internationally, as well as ethical codes and
decision-making processes as they apply to social
work practice. The unit provides opportunities for
students to explore the foundations of the Australian
legal system in a human rights framework and the
legal contexts within which social workers practice.
The unit addresses concepts of moral philosophy
underpinning the AASW Code of Ethics and explores
the foundations of ethical decision-making. In line with
Monash University's commitment to human rights and
social justice, the unit has an overarching human
rights approach, within which legal and ethical
practice occurs.

['Describe how international human rights regimes
have evolved.', 'Identify relevant human rights
documents, access and apply them in social work
practice situations.', 'Demonstrate a working
knowledge of the Australian Legal System, its
international context, and the importance of legal
knowledge to competent social work practice,
including record keeping and report writing.', 'Find,
read, consider, apply, and critically evaluate
legislation, and how it informs and impacts social work
practice.', 'Identify, describe and critically reflect upon
legal and ethical issues and dilemmas.', 'Implement
ethical decision making processes in social work
practice.']

BTH4200

The unit aims to develop students graduate attributes
relevant to a post-graduation career in biotechnology
and associated areas. These will be learned in an
interdisciplinary biotechnology context of the
development of scientific knowledge and its
commercialisation. From their previous studies,
students will have knowledge of scientific invention
and technological innovation. The unit will allow them
deeper exploration of an aspect or aspects of this
process. Students will also consider what scientific
knowledge is and how it is challenged. The unit will
require both team and individual work.

['Critically review scientific literature in an applied area
of biotechnology;', 'Research, analyse and report on
the translation of basic research towards a
commercial product;', 'Recognise the breadth of
analytical and data analysis techniques and their
applicability to biotechnology research;', 'Apply
analytical and data analysis techniques relevant to the
biotechnology industry;', 'Effectively communicate
concepts in biotechnology both in writing and orally.']

ATS2547

Cities are dynamic and complex environments that
now comprise the majority of the world we live in but
they face an array of major challenges. These include:
How do we make our cities more habitable and
sustainable? How do we ensure social, economic,
cultural, political and environmental equality? How
does the geography of cities and urban systems affect
their sustainability? Have cities ever been sustainable
and can they be in the future? How do we manage
urban growth or decline? In this unit students will
examine how contemporary cities operate by
focussing on urban processes and functions, as well
as relevant issues such as population, the economy,
governance, resource use, housing and transport.

['Describe and apply the concept of sustainability to
urban form and function;', 'Explain urban sustainability
in relation to the environment, economy, society and
politics;', 'Identify unsustainable urban policies and
practices and suggest effective methods of improving
sustainability;', 'Utilise selected geographic research
skills and concepts relevant to sustainability in an
urban context.']

ATS3593

This unit will examine the changing nature of sexuality
in Australia, Britain and North America during the
nineteenth and twentieth centuries. The main topics
will be the construction of masculinity and femininity,
courtship and marriage, family and kinship, birth
control, regulation in the private and public spheres,
heterosexuality and homosexuality, the theorisation of
sex, sexual reformers and sexual liberation
movements.

['Understood the key theoretical concepts used by
scholars in the field of the history of sexuality.',
'Understood the major historiographical debates in the
field.', 'Grasped the nature of the key changes in
sexuality in the period covered by the unit.',
'Conducted research into a particular area of the
history of sexuality.']

BTW3201

The law affecting Australian enterprises engaged in
international business. Topics include international
trade conventions; import and export procedures; the
sale of goods; carriage of goods by sea and air; bills
of lading and the Hague-Visby rules; finance of
international trade; payment and documentary credits;
the use of negotiable instruments in international
trade; international commercial arbitration and marine
insurance.

['examine and analyse the international legal
framework in which trade between nations take place',
'identify and analyse the legal issues in an
international trade context', 'identify, analyse and
apply the laws to solve legal problems that arise from
international commercial transactions', 'identify and
analyse the laws relating to international contracts of
sale, finance of international trading transactions,
international carriage of goods, insurance in
international trade and dispute resolution in
international trade', 'identify and analyse the form and
nature of documents used in international trade
including contracts of sale, shipping documentation,
invoices, insurance policies, bills of exchange,
documentary collections and letter of credits.']

EAE5010

Students undertake an advanced research project
involving original work on a topic chosen in
consultation with an academic supervisor. The topic
may be a continuation of research completed in
EAE4000, enabling a deeper insight into a larger
research problem. In this case, it is expected that the
research outcomes will also be suitable for
submission for publication in a peer-reviewed
international journal.

['Understand, use and explain the basic concepts and
principles of the research literature which underpin the
chosen area of research in Earth Science.',
'Synthesise and interpret the knowledge gained in the
study of the underpinning research literature. This
leads to the ability to identify a niche topic or topics
within this existing body of literature, which represents
a gap in current knowledge. This problem should be
suitable for original research.', 'Advance our
understanding of an existing problem or problems in
the chosen area for original research.', 'Present the
results of the original research in written form as a
thesis, and also present key thesis results in oral form
as a preliminary seminar.', 'Defend the results of the
original research in an oral exam.']

SCI4110

Students undertake a supervised research project in
an area of science, and present the results in a
seminar.

['Critically review the scientific literature in their
specialist area of study;', 'Understand the processes
involved in the design, development and
implementation of a relevant research project;', 'Be
able to complete and analyse a set of
laboratory-based, computer-based, theoretical or
other appropriate studies;', 'Be proficient in
computer-based data acquisition (where appropriate),
critical analysis of results, appropriate presentation,
and scientific word processing;', 'Demonstrate
communication skills in both oral and written
presentations, including the ability to write and present
scientific work in a potentially publishable way;', 'Have
acquired a range of technical skills and attitudes
appropriate to their specialist area of study;', 'Have
demonstrated the capability to perform a variety of
scientific procedures and techniques that are essential
to the satisfactory completion and reporting of a
research project;', 'Have demonstrated the potential to
pursue higher studies and learning in the relevant
area of study.']

BFX5260

This unit will combine classroom teaching and direct
experiential learning in financial markets covering
topics that may include market participants, treasury
operations, market structures, dealer markets, liquidity
and price formation. This unit is taught in the
simulated trading and research laboratory (STARLab).
It is a specialist, practically oriented unit where
attendance is compulsory as assessment is based on
classroom activities. An understanding of financial
prices, returns and volatility is required.

['formulate portfolio management decisions', 'compare
and contrast differences between various market
structures', 'acquire an in-depth understanding of
economic concepts such as market efficiency,
performance evaluation and market structure
regulation', 'plan, verify and settle transactions
completed in STARLab', 'develop, implement, analyse
and manage strategies in financial markets', 'plan,
organise and report on all activities involved in
STARLab', 'apply critical thinking, problem solving and
presentation skills to individual and/or group activities
dealing with treasury and financial markets.']

ATS3069

This unit involves students in teaching and learning
activities equally developing language skills and
cultural competence. Students refine their written and
oral proficiency in the areas of exposition and
argument, working from documents on prominent
socio-cultural issues. They develop advanced
language skills and competence in the theory,
research methodology and practices, and discourses
involved in sophisticated critical enquiry,
understanding and analysis in an area of French
studies, working under guidance to define and carry
out a project.

['developed advanced analytical, expository and
argumentation skills in the context of written summary
and synthesis activities, and essay writing and oral
presentations;', 'developed advanced knowledge and
understanding of modern and contemporary France
and its culture, and a more powerful explicit
understanding of and competence in the theory,
research methodology, practices and discourses of an
area of French studies;', 'acquired the advanced
language skills involved in developing critical enquiry
and analysis and expressing outcomes and
understandings in the framework of a research essay;
developed individual and cooperative research skills,
including;', 'One transferable research skills in
accordance with the Research Skill Development
Framework.']

BIO3091

This unit focuses on the factors influencing the
distribution, composition and structure of plant
communities from around the world, and the
characteristics of the component plant species that
enable them to survive in diverse environments.
Methods of quantifying community parameters and
physiological responses are covered in the practical
course. Case studies will focus on Australian species.
There is a four-day field excursion during the Easter
break (fee payable).

["Describe the broad characteristics of the Earth's
major vegetation types, and functional and structural
differences between plants adapted to different
environments;", 'Explain the fundamental
physiological and ecological processes that influence
vegetation types and their component species;',
'Integrate and explain various environmental
interactions and their impact on plant growth and
development;', 'Demonstrate strong competence in
methodological approaches used in the plant
sciences, including the collection, interpretation,
analysis and synthesis of biological data;', 'Effectively
communicate the results of practical and project work
in a range of modes and for a variety of audiences;',
'Work effectively, responsibly and safely in individual
and peer or team contexts.']

FIT5108

This unit enables students to read widely in a relevant
topic within the fields of information technology,
information systems or information management,
under supervision. It may cover an area not offered in
any other fifth-year level unit, or involve building
greater in-depth knowledge in an area with which they
already have some familiarity. Details for the reading
unit will be defined and approved individually for each
student and will include objectives, assessment
details, due dates and an initial reading list.
Assessment comprises a research paper or review
(6000-10,000 words), project report, or equivalent.
Enrolment into Reading Units and allocation of a
supervising academic will be approved by the
Associate Dean (Education).

['analyse, synthesise and construct arguments from a
range of published sources;', 'critique and evaluate
others ideas, opinions and arguments;', 'explain ideas
for scrutiny to a supervisor;', 'demonstrate
self-reliance and time management skills in order to
gain greater independence as a learner;',
'demonstrate the communication skills necessary to
work effectively in a close, cooperative relationship
with a supervisor.']

FIT3094

This unit introduces topics in Artificial Intelligence (AI)
suited to real-time simulation and computer games
development. Using a practice-based and
programming-led approach, the unit explores a
number of fundamental concepts, techniques and
algorithms that can be used to build real-time,
interactive games, virtual environments and
simulations. Starting with basic concepts in 2D
discrete simulation, the unit progresses to continuous,
3D models, agent simulation, bio-inspired intelligence
models and search algorithms. Programs are
developed using the Processing environment in Java
or C++.

['select, evaluate and apply AI software techniques to
model simple intelligent behaviour in 2D discrete
simulations and games;', 'select, evaluate and apply
AI software techniques to model simple intelligent
behaviour in 3D continuous simulations and games;',
'apply evolutionary algorithms to devise novel agents
and understand their application, and that of other
search algorithms, to problems requiring the search of
a solution space;', 'apply methods of embodied
intelligence and physicality to the development of
intelligent behaviour in physical artefacts;', 'apply through practice-based learning - design,
development, execution and validation of real-time
interactive software using AI techniques.']

MPH5251

This unit aims to equip global health practitioners with
a practical understanding of the impact of infectious
diseases on global health equity. The unit will explore:

['their historical context, determinants, epidemiology
and impact on health equity', 'the global policies,
public health responses and effective practices for
prevention, treatment and care at both an individual,
community and population level', 'the principles,
approaches and challenges for effective health care
delivery models in resource-limited settings.']

FIT9133

This unit introduces programming fundamentals and
the Python language to students. The unit provides a
foundational understanding of program design and
implementation of algorithms to solve computational
problems. Fundamental programming control
structures, built in and complex data types and
mechanisms for modularity will be presented in
Python.

['design, construct, test and document computer
programs using Python;', 'recognise the relationship
between a problem description and program design;',
'demonstrate how basic data structures and data
types function;', 'investigate different strategies for
algorithm development and evaluate these to select
an appropriate solution to a given problem.']

CHE3171

This unit explores how scalable, commercially viable
process-unit operations are harnessed by the
biotechnology industry for the production of valuable
biomolecules (eg recombinant proteins, peptides,
vaccines, enzymes, and nucleic acids). The design,
operation and economic issues surrounding
large-scale biomolecular process equipment including
bioreactors, filtration systems, chromatographic
columns, sterilisation and aseptic operation, auxiliary
equipment and the associated control systems will be
considered. The wider biotechnology environment will
be considered especially with regards to GxP, national
and international regulatory bodies, biosafety and
commercialisation.

['Describe biological systems and molecules and how
these are harnessed in biotechnology.', 'Analyse the
performance of unit operations involved in
bioprocessing.', 'Generate a process flow diagram for
a bioprocessing plant.']

COL1001

Collaborative Design Studio 1 will immerse students in
the essential, foundational learning required of all
fields of design. Students will understand how design
thinking informs design outcomes and their impact;
have the capacity to identify design problems before
navigating solutions; locate the user at the centre of
all design challenges; identify and apply design
methodologies and processes in ethical and culturally
sensitive ways; and understand design is beyond an
aesthetic, artefact-centred practice, and one that also
embraces embodied, temporal and dematerialised
modes of engagement. Through studio-based project
learning, this unit will introduce its cohort to
collaborative activities that encourage thinking beyond
traditional discipline specificity, and help students
develop hybrid competencies that can be built upon in
all ensuing studio units. The projects will blend
traditional modes of making with new and innovative
ways of doing. Project learning will encourage
personal and collective curiosity through applying a
range of design enquiry processes such as ideation,
prototyping and observation. Students will also learn
to be critically reflective, able to review and
re-evaluate their design solutions and those of others
with clear and constructive communication
capabilities.

['Develop skills in interpersonal communication and
collaboration;', 'Respond to real and speculative
challenges through design thinking and making
processes;', "Locate design's role in the expanded
realm of contemporary systems of social, economic
and political operation;", 'Navigate complexity through
an iterative process of prototyping and ideation;',
'Utilise and value transdisciplinary modes of design
enquiry and apply them in inventive ways;', 'Observe
and apply the OHSE requirements relevant to this
unit.']

MTE5883

This unit covers the manifestations and types of
corrosion usually found in the field in areas such as
marine, chemical, manufacture, transport and offshore
industries.

['develop the knowledge of corrosion mechanisms in
diverse environments to the advanced level required
for an industrial impact.', 'devise various methods for
corrosion protection and mitigation and assess their
efficacy in real world applications.', 'contrast various
approaches to corrosion mitigation in industrial
applications via carefully coordinated guest lectures
from key experts outside the University environment.']

ADD5092

Research Methods 2 examines theory models and
investigative methods in contemporary research. The
candidate develops a conceptual framework of studio
research and exegesis or thesis that identifies the
relations between research intention and research
method.

['Have further developed the discursive approach to
the subject of their research and its field of inquiry;',
'Have further developed the critical understanding of
methodologies in contemporary research;', 'Be able to
argue the logic of their research process;', 'Be able to
situate the relevance of their research within a
contemporary context;', 'Have further developed the
forms, languages and conventions applicable to their
research;', 'Have developed the conceptual
framework, research design and logic of their
research process to sustain an exegetical or thesis
elaboration of their research.']

ACB2851

The objective of this unit is two-fold. First, the unit
provides students with a broad introduction to
accounting information systems and the role
technology plays in accounting. The focus will be on
an introduction to: enterprise systems; database
management; documentation methods; internal
controls; and the core business processes found in
organisations. Second, the unit focuses on corporate
modelling theory; models as decision support tools;
types and uses of models; benefits and limitations of
models; effective spreadsheet design; auditing
spreadsheet models and development of various
models using an industry standard spreadsheet.

['examine the role of accounting information systems
in analysing and providing decision support to
managers', 'explain the design of accounting
information systems and financial models', 'develop
financial models to assist in decision making', 'apply
critical thinking, problem solving and presentation
skills to individual and / or group activities dealing with
accounting information systems and demonstrate in
an individual summative assessment task the
acquisition of a comprehensive understanding of the
topics covered by ACB2851.']

NUT4111

A weekly course over 12 weeks on research skills
including: study design, use of relevant databases,
statistical analysis software, how to search and
summarise the scientific literature, best practice in
data presentation, qualitative and quantitative data
analysis and skills in evidenced based review and
critical analysis of scientific writing.

['explain different study designs and major
methodologies used for quantitative and qualitative
research, and interpret data drawn from the scientific
literature relating to nutrition;', 'explain the procedure
of how to perform a comprehensive evidenced-based
systematic literature review;', 'display competency in
the use of relevant databases, spreadsheets and
statistical analysis software;', 'explain the issues
covered in making a submission to an ethics
committee for approval of research projects; and',
'communicate through a range of modes including:
scientific discussions, oral presentation and written
work.']

ATS2056

In this unit students explore the contemporary and
historical significance of 'difference' in structuring
patterns of law making, offending, victimisation,
criminal justice system responses and experiences.
Students are introduced to theoretical paradigms and
empirical approaches for identifying and
understanding marginalisation and inequality in
society. Students are taught how to identify and draw
connections between broader societal experiences of
inequality and marginalisation and the development
and orientation of systems of law and criminal justice.
The unit focuses on factors such as age, gender,
ethnicity, (dis)ability, regional inequalities, income and
wealth distribution, social class, and homelessness,
and examines how current patterns of social and
economic inequality contribute to the disproportionate
victimisation and criminalisation of certain
marginalised populations in society.

['identify the connections between marginalisation,
inequality and criminal justice contact;', "formulate
well-structured responses to questions of 'difference'
in the criminal justice system;", 'appraise
contemporary approaches to reducing inequality in the
criminal justice system in relation to age, gender,
ethnicity and (dis)ability;', 'synthesize and
communicate the key elements of theoretical
paradigms and empirical approaches to reduce
criminalisation, marginalisation and inequality within
the criminal justice system.']

LAW3112

The unit critically examines the body of legal rules that
govern the formation, management, financing and
winding up of Australian corporations. Specific topics
include: choice of the corporate business form,
formation and characteristics of a corporation, the
corporate constitution, corporate finance, share
structure and membership, constitution and powers of
the corporate organisation (board and general
meeting), corporate authority, governance of the
corporation, directors' duties, shareholders' remedies,
administration and winding up of the corporation.

['critically evaluate the law relating to corporations in a
broader regulatory, social or economic context;',
'demonstrate the intellectual and practical skills
needed to interpret legal conclusions and professional
decisions ;', 'identify, research, synthesise and
evaluate relevant legal, factual and policy issues,
including interpreting and applying relevant provisions
of the Corporations Act;', 'demonstrate cognitive and
creative skills in approaching legal issues and
generating appropriate responses and developing
new understandings;', 'engage in critical analysis and
make reasoned and appropriate choices among
alternatives; and', 'communicate effectively and
persuasively to specified audiences.']

FIT5140

This unit focuses theoretical concepts, applications
and research issues of mobile software. Students will
learn techniques to design and develop mobile
applications. A number of different
toolkits/development environments will be discussed
and used for the practical component of the unit.
Interaction between mobile applications and other
systems such as sensor networks or web systems will
also be explored.

['describe the principles and theoretical concepts of
mobile software systems;', 'explain different mobile
systems toolkits and development environments;',
'utilise techniques for developing mobile applications;',
'develop mobile applications;', 'integrate mobile
applications with other systems, such as sensor
network systems or web systems.']

MTE4573

The first part of this unit will introduce processing of
cast and wrought metals, including sand casting,
permanent moult casting, high-pressure die-casting,
direct strip casting, extrusion, rolling and welding of
metallic materials. It will also introduce
processing-microstructure-property relationships in
the products produced by each of these processing
technologies. The second part of the unit will
introduce ceramic processing technologies including
green body shaping, solid state sintering, liquid phase
sintering and hot-pressing. This unit will also examine
additive manufacturing, sol-gel processing and thin
film growth for ceramic materials. The
processing-microstructure-property relationships will
be analysed for the different technologies.

['Assess commonly used casting and
thermomechanical processing techniques.',
'Understand the microstructures of metallic products
produced under different processes and analyse the
effects of microstructure on properties.', 'Assess the
processes and the mechanisms of different ceramic
processing techniques.', 'Understand typical ceramic
microstructures produced through different processing
techniques and analyse the effects of microstructure
on the ceramic properties.']

PAR2022

This unit continues to develop the role of the
paramedic as a clinician by extending clinical
examination and decision making skills that were
introduced in previous clinical units.

['Describe the epidemiology, population health and
pathology related to injuries and commonly
encountered in paramedic practice.', 'Describe criteria
used to identify major trauma and demonstrate the
application of pre-hospital trauma triage guidelines.',
'Identify and evaluate evidence that informs
paramedic clinical practice guidelines used to care for
patients with injury.', 'Relate the pharmacology of
drugs and fluids used by paramedics for the
management of injury to drug indications and
actions.', 'Demonstrate the ability to integrate the
theoretical knowledge and clinical skills to the
assessment and management of patients with injury in
real time simulation.', 'Demonstrate clinical reasoning
skills related to the management of trauma patients.']

BEX5850

Mathematical preliminaries; static optimisation theory;
introduction to calculus of variations and optimal
control theory; necessary and sufficient conditions;
investment theory: costs of adjustment, neoclassical,
Q theory; consumption theory; use of duality theory;
growth models; Hamilton Jacobi theory; discrete time
stochastic models; selected current applications.

['understand the theories of static optimisation,
including the first and second order conditions for the
multi-dimensional case', "analyse mathematically how
changes in the economic environment affect
economic agents' optimal decisions", 'analyse
dynamic optimisation problems faced by economic
agents', "develop students' ability to access frontier
research in economics that routinely makes use of
many mathematical concepts in optimisation
theories."]

LAW1114

The unit introduces the general doctrines, principles
and aims of the criminal law and criminal justice
system, introduces the roles of civil and criminal laws
in relation to harms to the person, and examines the
law relating to fatal and non-fatal offences against
people. It analyses sentencing and access to
compensation for victims of crime.

['critically evaluate the purpose and scope of criminal
laws with reference to theories of criminal justice and
broader theoretical and comparative perspectives',
'research, evaluate and synthesise relevant factual,
legal and policy issues and effectively communicate
the results', 'recognise and reflect on the professional
responsibilities of lawyers to justice and to the
community', 'select, analyse, interpret and apply
criminal law doctrines and principles to generate
appropriate responses to simulated legal problems',
'communicate and present criminal law ideas
effectively and persuasively to specified audiences in
a format appropriate to criminal law practice', 'work
effectively in a group and manage their own learning
including time management and organisational skills.']

ATS1904

This unit introduces students to how literature
produces ideas and meanings about the world. By
focusing on the relationship between literature and the
city, this unit also introduces students to the important
notion of literary forms and genres. In this unit,
students will be encouraged to explore the concept of
a literary text by analysing and studying a range of
texts from different genres, which might include the
short story, the novel, poetry, drama, the essay,
graphic narrative and inter-generic writing, all to do
with theme of the modern city. The texts will be taken
from different historical periods and cultures.

['engage with and discuss the meanings and ideas of
literary texts;', 'understand and appreciate the role of
genre in literary studies;', 'understand the ways in
which literature engages with broader social, cultural
and historical contexts;', 'demonstrate
discipline-specific written and oral skills;',
'demonstrate the ability to critically analyse literary
texts;', 'demonstrate some theoretical awareness and
good research skills in analysing literary texts;',
'demonstrate some creative writing skills (for creative
writing stream students only).']

ATS2612

This intensive course of 4-week's duration departs
from Melbourne in mid-November. It involves
interdisciplinary study, conducted in the city itself, of
the political, social and cultural history of Florence,
from the late thirteenth to the early sixteenth
centuries, with particular reference to the
Renaissance period. Students who have not passed
ATS1316 and ATS1317 should do the preliminary
reading with great care.

['A knowledge of the city of Florence itself - including
its churches, palaces, museums, piazzas, monuments
and streets - as an artefact of its complex history',
'The development of the requisite skills to interpret the
Renaissance aspects of that artefact within an
historical framework', 'Enhanced skills in the critical
and analytical reading of a variety of texts, including
contemporary documents, religious and polemical
literature, historical scholarship, physical monuments
and visual representations', 'An acquaintance with the
considerable body of knowledge that has been built
up about late medieval and Renaissance Florence (in
the context of Italian history in general)', 'A critical
understanding of this fascinating society and its
historiography', 'The ability to use this knowledge (1,
3, 4, 5) and these skills (2) as a capital source for
contributing to an understanding of the Renaissance
city, its society and culture.']

AMU2625

This unit explores the political, economic and social
determinants of national migration policies and the
impact that these policies have on a wide variety of
migrants around the world. We will investigate the
roles that states, intergovernmental organizations,
nongovernmental organizations, and human
traffickers play in facilitating or preventing the ever
increasing movement of peoples across borders.

['Identify the diverse factors that motivate people to
cross borders;', 'Evaluate alternatives to current
migration policies;', "Identify the political factors that
determine a country's migration policies;", 'Explain the
relationship between host country migration policies
and acculturation strategies among immigrants;',
'Analyse the role of international organizations in
resolving refugee crises;', 'Interpret primary and
secondary documents through developing critical
reading skills;', 'Communicate ideas and arguments in
verbal form;', 'Write research reports and essays.']

BIO2022

This unit introduces students to the patterns and
processes of evolution by natural selection. It
investigates what species are, how to recognise them,
how they are described and classified, and the range
of circumstances and mechanisms under which they
form in nature. Armed with this background, we
investigate the evolution of the key biological
phenomena of relevance to ecology, notably
life-history evolution. The unit goes on to explore the
genetic basis of evolution by natural selection and
adaptation of organisms to their environments. This
entails an appreciation of the control and inheritance
of traits that have major influences in the lives of
organisms, and fundamental evolutionary principles
and approaches (Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium, fitness,
adaptive genetic variation, heritability of complex traits
and their response to natural selection). Students will
understand how different kinds of genetic variation are
(and are not) associated with fitness of individual
organisms and viability of populations. We then
explore approaches to investigating population
biology of organisms (such as estimating dispersal
and gene flow in real landscapes) in a coherent
progression encompassing small and large ecological
scales. These concepts are illustrated by exploration
of exciting examples encompassing pure and applied
science, including urban ecology, invasion and
conservation biology, global change ecology, with
associated practical work. We examine fitness in
natural populations and the special issues of small
populations, particularly inbreeding depression, loss
of genetic variation, limits to adaptation to new
environmental pressures, and the relationship
between genetic variation and extinction risk of
populations and species. We investigate how genetic
variation in organisms is associated with ecosystem
function, ecological community structure and
protection against environmental change. The unit
ends with an assessment of how evolutionary
principles can be applied to try and assist biota to
adapt sufficiently rapidly to survive rapidly changing
environments with multiple stressors.

['Describe the theory of evolution;', 'Explain the
fundamental processes of evolution via natural
selection with particular reference to life history
evolution;', 'Describe the principles of speciation,
species concepts and systematically classifying
organic diversity;', 'Outline the genetic basis of
evolution, and the associated fundamental principles
and approaches of evolutionary genetics;', 'Describe
major types of genetic variation, and demonstrate an
appreciation of how they may be applied to estimating
major features of population biology;', 'Identify and
explain the relationship between different types of
genetic variation and the fitness and function of
individuals;', 'Review and explain the theoretical and
observed relationships between evolutionary genetic
variation and extinction risk of populations, and
describe the avenues by which evolutionary principles
can be used to promote survival of populations and
species in a changing and uncertain world;',
'Synthesise and communicate scientific principles and
information underlying evolution in oral and/or written
formats.']

OCC4131

This unit will provide an exploration of the issues
related to the assessment of children (ethical, legal,
professional, educational, clinical). The unit will start
by introducing the reasons, uses, and purposes of
assessment. Specific methods (e.g., observation,
objective performance, parent-report) related to the
assessment of children will be reviewed. Particular
attention will be paid to issues related to
family-centred practice and assessing children in
naturalistic environments. Different contexts (e.g.,
clinic, community, school, home) where assessment is
completed, issues related to the assessment of
children at different age levels / developmental levels
and the evaluation of children with special needs will
be discussed. Ethical, policy and legal issues related
to the assessment of children will be presented and
critiqued. Specific types of assessment tools, scales,
and instruments appropriate for use with children will
be presented and reviewed. This will provide a broad
base of knowledge and skills for occupational therapy
students wishing to work with children and families in
clinical, educational, home, and community settings.

['Describe the characteristics, types, and methods of
assessment best suited for use with children and their
families;', 'Develop and describe assessment
approaches appropriate for children at different
developmental levels and for children with special
needs;', 'Describe the assessment approaches that
best fit with naturalistic assessment and
family-centred practice;', 'Demonstrate knowledge of
ethical, policy, and legal issues related to the
assessment of children;', 'Demonstrate knowledge of
assessment tools, scales, and instruments used to
evaluate the skills, interests, roles, and abilities of
children;', 'Demonstrate competence in searching,
describing, summarising, and presenting (verbally and
in writing) the evidence from research literature on a
specific topic related to child assessment.']

MPH5232

This is the final unit of two units designed to allow
students to complete the conduct and write-up of a
research project in the field of population health or
clinical research. In this unit, students will complete
the research project described in the research
proposal developed in MPH5231. Students will
interrogate data using acceptable analytical
processes, and write-up the research project in a
format and style suitable for publication in an
academic setting.

['Demonstrate their ability to manage data collection
and/or analysis', 'Work collaboratively with a research
supervisor to achieve research milestones', 'Write to
an appropriate academic standard by incorporating
existing research findings and supervisor feedback',
'Analyse and present data in a clear, concise and
systematic manner', 'Recognise the strengths and
limitations of their research design', 'Understand, and
experience, the practicalities of research project
management', 'Suggest directions for future research
in their specialist area', 'Demonstrate the capacity to
write in a format and style appropriate for an
academic audience of academic publication.']

BEX5871

The achievement of efficiency in the health sector.
Alternative approaches to allocative efficiency, recent
developments in the management of the market, and
efficiency in hospitals. Aspects of evaluation
techniques including recent developments in quality of
life measurement, statistical issues, and modelling
techniques.

['undertake sound research in health economics',
'have knowledge of the major issues in health
economics and the capacity to judge the importance
of these issues', 'function as independent professional
health economist.']

MNE4070

This unit must be taken with MNE4050 Research
Project I as a second separate project topic. The
decision must be made at the time of choosing the
project topic for MNE4050. The aim in choosing
MNE4050 and MNE4070 together is to gain
knowledge across two differing project areas within
mining, as opposed to MNE4050 and MNE4060 which
provides depth in one project topic. Students
undertake an individual self-guided learning task in
the form of a research project. The project topic must
be in a significantly different mining area to the topic
chosen in MNE4050. Greater depth is expected in the
investigation of the topic compared to MNE4050 since
the basic research skills have already been developed
previously. However, the depth expected is less than
that required in the full year single project topic
completed as MNE4050 and MNE4070 together. The
project may be undertaken within the department or
externally within a company. In either case, an
academic member of staff will act as the supervisor.

['Design and assemble appropriate resources
necessary to support the research investigation (e.g.
test apparatus and equipment, computer models,
survey forms, data collection methodology)', 'Manage
a research project to successful completion - achieve
objectives within required timeframe with available
resources', 'Assemble and analyse results of
investigation', 'Compose relevant conclusions and
recommendations against the project objectives',
'Present in the form of poster and seminar
presentation', 'Prepare a document to the standards
required for a conference hosted by (AusIMM)']

ATS3649

The unit complements Japanese language learning by
investigating everyday language use from a variety of
analytical perspectives. Examining examples from a
range of sources and contexts, students will explore
how Japanese is structured, used, and affected by
cognitive, social and cultural factors. Observation and
analysis of actual language use will contribute to
advancing language proficiency and understanding of
Japanese language and culture. Language use will be
examined through different lenses which may include:
applied linguistics, discourse analysis, conversation
analysis, interactional linguistics, corpus analysis,
second language acquisition and sociolinguistics.
Students will conduct small research projects
employing different methods to examine and
understand how language is used in daily interactions.

['observe and analyse Japanese language use;',
'apply a range of theories and analytical methods to
various aspects of Japanese communication, society
and culture;', 'relate observation and analysis of
language practices to their own experiences and
communication in Japanese;', 'employ concepts and
terminology used within different linguistic
disciplines;', 'design and implement an independent
research project that includes: formulation of research
questions, methodologies, data management and
analysis.']

CIV6301

This unit is designed to lay important foundations of
traffic engineering knowledge. It is designed to
develop students' understanding of contemporary
topics in traffic flow theory and their applications. The
course is also designed to provide a rigorous and
practical coverage of the collection of traffic data. The
traffic surveys component of the course will cover
traditional techniques for counting, classification and
origin-destination surveys and we will also consider
the capabilities of new traffic data collection
equipment.

['describe advanced contemporary traffic flow theories
and apply to solve practical traffic problems', 'perform
traffic data analysis methodologically', 'apply
analytical technques in the design and operation of
traffic systems', 'evaluate the role of Intelligent
Transport Systems in Dynamic Traffic Management']

ATS3795

Digital storytelling and publication have broken down
geographical boundaries and we now access stories
from around the world on our mobile devices. The
breakdown of the publishing gate keeping function of
legacy media means that an ever increasing amount
of content and stories are produced by the 'people
formerly known as the audience'. Being able to
communicate using story telling techniques is
becoming increasingly important in many professions.
Understanding and being able to add an international
dimension to your story telling makes it even more
potent.

['an understanding of the elements of storytelling;', 'the
practical ability to tell a basic story in various media
formats;', 'knowledge of some of the main topics in
international reporting;', 'critical grasp of different
kinds of international reporting;', 'an understanding of
the importance of source critique in international
reporting;', 'some understanding of the market for
international stories.']

MEC3010

This unit aims to develop an understanding of Micro
and Nanotechnology methods and techniques in a
cleanroom environment, the design of process chains
and the applications of devices that are currently
being manufactured using them.

['Describe different types of manufacturing and
production systems for micro and nanotechnologies.',
'Generate simple layouts for micro and nano-masks
fabrication.', 'Analyse different Micro and
Nanotechnologies techniques.', 'Design the process
flow for the manufacturing of a micro and nanodevice
in a cleanroom and construct it.', 'Analyse the
operation of micro and nanodevices.']

OCC4082

The unit comprises 9 weeks of fieldwork placement
followed by on campus debriefing tutorials. The unit
provides students with the opportunity to develop,
integrate and enhance their practice skills to reach an
entry level of competence in occupational therapy
prior to graduation. By the end of the fieldwork
placement students will be managing a caseload of
clients independently. A learning contract developed
in OCC4081 will be used to guide fieldwork learning.
A portfolio assessment will be used to encourage
reflection, a self-directed approach to learning and to
provide a record of professional competencies as
these are developing.

['Demonstrate autonomous and competent application
of all stages of the occupational therapy process to
the level expected of a new graduate in occupational
therapy as outlined in the Australian Minimum
Competency Standards for New Graduate
Occupational Therapists (ACSOT);', 'Apply
professional attitudes and behaviours, and effective
time and workload management strategies to
occupational therapy practice;', 'Document personal
and professional learning using a portfolio in
preparation for professional accreditation;', 'Devise
strategies to overcome service delivery constraints to
provide effective occupational therapy intervention for
clients in a fieldwork agency;', 'Collaborate,
co-operate and communicate with other health
professionals and health service providers to deliver
effective and efficient practice;', 'Select and critique
occupational therapy interventions on the basis of
best available evidence;', 'Design and implement
strategies for critical self-reflection, evaluation and
improvement of own professional development;',
'Develop strategies to provide effective occupational
therapy service considering the broad political, legal
and industrial issues in the workplace, profession and
client group;', 'Plan, implement and evaluate an
occupational therapy service;', "Critique an
organization's key performance indicators and service
delivery for continuous improvement and meeting the
regulatory standards."]

JWL2314

Jewellery Practice 4 builds on previous study
providing students with a solid basis from which to
develop their ideas and research in a more
independent way. At this stage of their development
students will begin to focus more on their own
interests in a particular area of jewellery and
object-based practice maintaining an experimental
approach to their research.

['Develop a more profound understanding of the
specific issues of contemporary jewellery practice in
the context of other Art, Design & Architecture
practices;', 'Deepen their level of engagement with
three-dimensional forms through an experimental
approach to materials and processes;', 'Conduct an
advanced level of research in the context of both set
and self-directed projects;', 'Develop more challenging
ideas and a more conceptual approach to the subject
matter at hand;', 'Understand and apply the rules of
occupational health and safety appropriate to the
discipline practice.']

ATS2913

Students work through minimum of three key playtexts
from within a given genre, tradition, period or national
theatre. The unit entails a variety of approaches,
encompassing historical, textual, comparative and
social methodologies of analysing texts.
Distinguishing features of the particular genre or
tradition are studied in the context of the period and
place from which the texts emerged. Consideration is
given to how the texts were originally performed and
how they have since been interpreted.

['possess an in-depth knowledge of the conventions of
a given genre, period or tradition of theatre or
performance and the conditions under which it arose;',
'have received an introduction to the ideas of key
contemporary thinkers whose work bears on the
interpretation and understanding of theatre and
performance;', 'have an understanding of the
relationships between theatres and their social and
cultural contexts;', 'be able to employ a variety of
approaches to textual analysis;', 'be able to take a
critical historiographical approach to the contemporary
reception of texts from different times and places;', 'be
able to recognize and activate issues in the textual
and performative interpretation of playtexts;', 'have
applied understanding of the relationships between art
and society - ethical, political, and expressive.']

FIT3158

The objective of this unit is to introduce students to
quantitative modelling techniques commonly used for
business decision making. This includes the analytical
methods used to understand, model and design
business processes, and the application of IT tools to
real-world decision making situations. Techniques
covered include decision making under uncertainty,
linear and nonlinear programming, sequential decision
making, forecasting, and simulation.

['develop interactive decision models for business
analysis and business process improvements;',
'design and implement and analyse
spreadsheet-based simulations and mathematical
optimisation models;', 'interpret the results of
mathematical decision models and conduct sensitivity
analyses;', 'critically assess the accuracy and
applicability of modelling techniques;', 'communicate
the results of model-based decision analysis.']

AMU2455

The unit aims to connect students with a range of
issues and topics under the purview of the arts and
social sciences in the Malaysian context. In the
process students will be required to intellectually
engage with, and critically reflect on, a wide variety of
'real world' problems that fall under the umbrella of
any of the following categories: society, politics,
culture, development, identity and environment.

['recognise and analyse the intersections of various
issues (e.g. society and politics, culture and
development, identity and environment etc.) in the
Malaysian context;', 'evaluate the impact of various
factors on the exacerbation of, and solution to,
identified case-studies;', 'develop skills, tools, and
mindsets for conducting research in the Arts and
Social Sciences;', "apply theoretical knowledge in
engaging with 'real world' problems."]

MBA5722

The MBA Study Tour integrates, in a practical
manner, the material covered in the MBA program.
Depending upon the destination/s chosen (which may
vary from year to year), MBA students will partake in a
combination of site visits to local organisations,
companies and institutions in order to better
understand the impact of that location's environment
on business and its implications for management. At
the end of the MBA Study Tour students are expected
to have not only gained an insight into the business
environment of the location visited but also be able to
draw upon ideas from that environment to develop
capabilities that may be able to be applied in other
environments and organisational contexts.

['examine the nature of the forces in the environment
(e.g. economic, social, legal and cultural) and their
impact upon business and management in the
location visited', 'understand and critically analyse
business and government relations in the location
visited', 'analyse basic theories and concepts relevant
to business and examine how these can provide
insight and understanding of how business is
conducted in the location visited', 'gain insights and
ideas from the location visited in order to develop
capabilities that can be future generators of
sustainable economic, social and environmental value
for business.']

FIT2082

This unit builds upon FIT1041 and FIT2083 or
FIT2084 and allows students to conduct an
independent research project. Students will be
assigned to one of the Faculty of Information
Technology's research groups, an academic
supervisor and a research topic. Students may work
on their project individually or in groups, as
determined by their supervisor. During the semester,
the student will be required to participate in research
group events including seminars and presentations.

['participate as a member of a research group;',
'demonstrate how to conduct IT research;', 'critically
analyse and assess previous approaches to solve a
particular research problem;', 'formulate a research
hypothesis and chose an appropriate methodology to
evaluate that hypothesis;', 'conduct the experiment
and/or implementation in order to evaluate the
hypothesis;', 'demonstrate the ability to effectively
communicate their research findings both orally and in
writing.']

EAE3581

Geochemistry concerns itself with the distribution and
mobility of elements within the earth and its
atmosphere. Over the past decades it has evolved
from a descriptive science to one being increasingly
concerned with the (molecular-level) mechanisms
behind the observations. This unit provides an
overview of the fundamental chemical principles that
control geochemical processes, and shows how this
knowledge can be used to understand, predict, and
manage applied geochemical problems, including
mineral exploration and geometallurgy; radioactive
waste disposal; applied mineralogy and environmental
remediation.

['Apply fundamental chemical principles to understand
the distribution and mobility of elements in Earth
systems.', 'Discuss the key physical and chemical
parameters that control element mobility in a given
geochemical system.', 'Understand the different
analytical tools that can be used to study geochemical
systems and the information they deliver.', 'Develop
an understanding of key geochemical questions.',
'Apply the knowledge to understand and predict the
evolution of natural and engineered geochemical
systems.']

ATS3164

The unit will explore a selection of fiction and
non-fiction texts that treat Italy as a site for
transformations of the self. These self-discoveries are
usually cast as positive but are on occasion of a more
unsettling or disturbing kind. The unit will investigate
why Italy has been a key site of renewal and 'undoing'
in literature and will track the changes in the way such
transformations of the self have been achieved. It will
also account for the popularity of such narratives with
readers past and present. In this unit there will be an
emphasis on 'geo-located' reading experiences and
writing exercises. For this reason there will be a
particular focus on 'Tuscan transformations'; we will
visit the actual sites and scenes of our texts and there
will also be regular in situ writing excursions in Prato
and surrounds.

['Demonstrate an understanding of the representation
of Italy generally (and Tuscany in particular) as a site
of personal transformation in range of texts.', 'Critically
describe the diverse history of cultural investments in
Italy as an agent of personal transformation for
non-Italian writers.', 'Produce a piece of Creative
Writing, either fiction or non-fiction, that explores the
transformational potential of Italy.', 'Appreciate and
articulate the relationships between environment,
literary criticism and creative practice.']

MKF3531

Contemporary issues in international trade and their
potential to impact on the marketing initiative of
companies; the economic, political, geographic,
demographic and cultural issues which influence
national business environments; the conduct and
outcome of market research in other countries.

['explain the issues facing the global marketplace and
their influence on strategic marketing decision-making
especially in the functional areas of marketing',
'critically analyse the volatile and changeable nature
of international markets and be able to apply
marketing theories and knowledge accordingly',
'evaluate the issues associated with market entry and
the impact on long term survival in a target
international market', 'critically assess alternative
market entry strategies and their relative value in
different markets', 'formulate marketing plans for
international operations especially in the Asia-Pacific
region.']

ATS1189

The unit introduces students to developments in 20th
Century actor training, focusing on vocal and physical
techniques for character building and theatrical
embodiment.

['basic skills in kinaesthetic awareness in performance
contextualised by (readings in) various approaches to
contemporary physical performance', 'an embodied
understanding of the basic performance elements of
movement, dynamic interaction/ensemble work,
space, image and composition', 'embodied
approaches to character and text', 'skills and
capacities in devising short performance works
drawing on foundational physical work and
improvisation', 'creative and critical reflection upon
and articulation of body-based skills and strategies in
performance']

MKX5521

This unit is designed to expose students to the
thinking of some of the world's leading marketers.
Building on previous knowledge gained in earlier
marketing units students will analyse the critical
factors associated with marketing in a global arena.
Students gain a practical understanding of these
issues in a global context through the visitation
program which forms an integral part of this unit.

['appraise global marketing and the forces impacting
marketing at a global level', 'evaluate basic theories
and concepts relevant to global marketing and
analyse how these theories and concepts can provide
insight into and an understanding of marketing in a
global context', "compare and analyse a number of
senior marketing manager's perspectives and
marketing strategies", 'evaluate the importance of
cross cultural issues on marketing and their impact on
global marketing strategy', 'develop excellent oral and
written communication skills to be able to interact in a
professional environment with senior managers.']

CPS5001

This unit aims to enable students to have a familiarity
with and a knowledge of some of the theories on
which the understanding of child development and the
practice of child psychotherapy are based. It is
designed to give students knowledge of human
development from three theoretical perspectives and
thereby enable them to have a theoretical basis for
their practice of observation, assessment and case
management. The theoretical perspectives to be
studied in this unit will be those of Sigmund Freud,
Anna Freud and John Bowlby.

['display an understanding and knowledge of the
theories of Sigmund Freud, Anna Freud and John
Bowlby relevant to child development,', 'demonstrate
knowledge of the specific similarities and differences
between the three theorists and their theories,',
'understand the different phases of child
development,', 'demonstrate an ability to integrate the
theories and apply them to clinical material,', 'display
an ability to compare and contrast the theories.']

BPS2011

This unit lays a foundation of knowledge about how
biomolecules such as proteins, nucleotides and lipids
are involved in relaying extracellular signals to the
inside of the cell. An understanding of how
biomolecules respond to ligands (endogenous and
exogenous) to activate specific cellular responses and
how these responses are linked to physiological
functions, human health and drug action. The
gastrointestinal system will be used as an exemplar
system to investigate receptor families, signal
transduction and the consequences of different types
of signalling pathways within the cell.

['Explain how the structure of biomolecules influences
their physiological function;', 'Explain how the
interaction of a ligand or binding molecule and a
receptor biomolecule effect cellular responses;',
'Compare different receptor families with regards to
endogenous and exogenous ligand characteristics,
and how the signal is transduced into a response via
different signalling pathways;', 'Predict the effect of
signalling pathway disruptions on physiological
functions and human health;', 'Suggest a rational drug
therapy strategy to target a disease state with known
pathophysiological causes;', 'Design and safely and
effectively perform an hypothesis-driven experimental
approach to investigate cellular signalling processes
using common biochemical and physiological
techniques;', 'Record, analyse and critically interpret
experimental data and report it in written and visual
formats.']

ATS3137

In this unit students present a recital in which they
must demonstrate advanced performance skills by
studying repertoire drawn from the literature of the
student's principal instrument or voice. The choice of
repertoire presented should be of greater complexity
and difficulty than that studied in ATS3136
Performance 5.

['Utilise advanced instrumental/vocal technique.',
'Perform recital repertoire with extended control of
rhythm, accuracy, articulation, tone quality and
intonation (if applicable).', "Prepare specifically
chosen works drawn from the literature of the
students' instrument/voice demonstrating knowledge
of an extended relevant repertoire, including a work by
a female composer and a work by an Australian
composer.", 'Demonstrate musicianship with
sophistication of phrasing, dynamic control and
general expression.', 'Perform effectively in a
chosen/approved ensemble and show performance
practice awareness.', 'Demonstrate perceptive music
listening skills and informed peer reviewing skills
through verbal critiques.']

